Saudi Money rules the Uk while Zionist Money runs the EU, we are in the middle of a shit sandwich	1	0	0
"#Italy: Candidate says that all immigrants cannot be accepted ""if we want our White race, our society to continue""; denounces non-White immigration as ""invasion.""  #CloseTheBorder  http://www.ajc.com/news/italian-candidate-for-premier-defends-white-race-remark/2jWGpmzg0dLJTXile9Xi0H/"	1	0	0
Does ANYONE care what these immoral, sick, Hollywood ponscum have to say?! I sure as hell don't! Such juvenile, pathetic, sick behavior coming from these #celebritard hypocrites! https://www.infowars.com/hysterical-celebs-plan-yet-another-boring-anti-trump-temper-tantrum/ #HollywoodDownfall #ResetHollywood #BoycottHollywood	1	0	1
I hope she gets sodomised by a gang of Somali Street shitters. 	1	1	1
Why is it so difficult for folks to understand the meaning of 'here'? 🤔 Meanwhile liberals are losing their minds believing that President Trump's attorneys said that the president is above the law 🙄. Liberals waste so much  time screaming about their misinterpretation of things & ricocheting off each other's lunacy that it's like watching an arcade game	1	0	0
LOOK WHAT COMMUNIST AT TWITLER ARE DOING TO AMERICANS NOW! SHUT DOWN THESE FUCKING KIKE BULLSHIT PLATFORMS!	1	0	0
Men have always gone to war to protect the women and children.  If the women are fat feminist toads and our children are a bunch of tranny shit turds then rest assured.. the military will dry the fuck up.	1	0	1
and that about sums up islam ... the religion of peace, my ass! 	1	0	0
This British cunt Ian morn to be trusted no matter how it appears 	1	0	0
"gender traitors, lol if we got rid of harry potter and the handmaids tale what would these fucking idiots have.   Not one of them could slog through the pile of shit that is ""das kapital"""	1	0	1
I said homosexuality is NOT natural and have been suspended until I take down my tweets, they will have a long wait,I hardly use twitter.	1	0	0
Ha ha ha ha ha ha. They were paid what they were worth. 	1	0	1
Yooooooo I'd kill that nigger	1	1	1
Women in office is a mistake.  Pelosi, Waters, Clinton, Obama... the proof goes on and on.	1	0	0
This is why smart women need a wise man, because they are a wild horse.	1	0	1
If You’re Dumb, You’ll Work for the Government http://www.internationalman.com//articles/if-youre-dumb-youll-work-for-the-government	1	0	0
Yeah... hiring Arabs for defense force positions is gonna end super well for the Australian gov and people. Stupid diversity... shit doesn't work yet stupid leftists still push that shit down our throats. On a side note: can we get a facepalm emoji for #Gab @a‍ we need it for stupid shit like this.	1	0	0
Posted by u/Deathstalker1776	1	0	0
six million jews have Never been holocausted in Europe 	1	0	0
24 MARCH 1933 ...JEWS DECALED WAR ON GERMANY ... ALL BAD GOYIM KNOW THAT	1	0	0
Me muting idiot Globalist groupies on Gab, on my own little account, is not the same as giant Twatter muting Trump’s base from almost the entire platform. Let’s just clear that brain fart out now should it come up again.	1	0	0
Lot's of stupid people in Brazil .Socialism has raped your country...	1	0	0
Another shit talking Nigger that needs a bullet in his head. 😠😠😠😠	1	1	1
5/ 	1	0	1
The satanic state of IsraLIE will cease to exist when God wills it,  it might not last til 2022. 	1	0	0
You forgot Africa.. 	1	0	1
nigger, 3/4 of NBA players are black 	1	0	1
That's hilarious.  The two fags that replied before me need to wash the sand outta their vaginas	1	0	1
The NSA, DOJ, DOD, DOS, CIA, FBI, ATF, IRS, CFPB, CFR, FAA, FISC, DOE, and the EPA have been compromised by Islamists and Marxists and politicized for years against Americans by Clinton and Obama. Clinton and Obama would have been prosecuted for their crimes if these agencies had any integrity left. They all need to be in Gitmo. 	1	0	0
African and Muslim it doesn't get any dumber than that .....	1	0	1
Lol, you have a problem with my free speech that I think whites shouldn't racemix with blacks? You're a shit father that you'd disgrace your ancestors and allow your daughter to marry a nigger.  	1	0	1
part of secrete globalist brainwashing plot to purify the west of slav slave race, pure mix new master race	1	0	0
MGTOW is the premise that men should demand unconditional surrender from women, not negotiate with them 	1	0	1
President Trump should seriously consider this 'machine gunning families trying to illegaly cross the border' thing.  We could use some of that on this side of the pond. #FuckEm	0	1	0
We don't need these raping and killing worthless black Niggers in America. Get the fuck out Niggers. Take a knee and go back to Africa you niggers.	1	0	1
Or maybe it's all a spin, designed to endear folk to a brown invader? 	1	0	0
"I am dectecting the putrid stench of socialist gloablist BS here! http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5876873/Dame-Vera-Lynn-demands-removed-75th-anniversary-D-Day-concert-website.html   I wonder if the litarded planners of this SICK, DISRESPECTFUL ""event"" would also hold a concert at AUSCHWITZ to QUOTE 'stimulat[ing] people to stand up again for peace and freedom'. ?? My Dad was little more than a boy when fought in Normandy. This beach was sacred to him, & he last visited in 2000 6 months before me died of cancer. Socialists are SICK retards!"	1	0	1
Report ALL #illegalaliens to #ICE! 	1	0	1
do you know how STUPID THAT IS? 	1	0	0
'Asylum Seeker' is the latest progressive 'upgrade' to the original term of Illegal Alien.	1	0	0
Black people are so marginalized that Rosanne loses her show because she tweeted something that can remotely, sort of be interpreted as racist. Kind of. If you squint. And lie.  If racism is prejudice + power, white people can't be racist.	1	0	0
NEVER VOTE FOR ANYONE that is governed by Islam	1	0	1
"The libtard, Snowflake,fag, soyboy,with the stupid hat forgot ""pussy"""	1	0	1
When Israel is destroyed, the entire world will celebrate. 90% of the wars will pretty much just end. No one needs, wants, or likes jews anymore. They suck shit and are nothing but problems.	1	0	1
Fuck you into HELL Deep State!  5G anyone?  All these Zombie shows..is that prep to??   	1	0	1
"Once again, truly ""moderate"" Muslims (Sufi) are slaughtered by mainline Muzzies.  It is IMPOSSIBLE for a peaceful/reformist form of Muzztardia to form because the tiny population of such are killed off all the time, all over the place.  Reformation in muzztardia is impossible."	1	0	0
kanye and jay z i think have flirted with republicanism for quite some time. they're rich enough that they're more concerned with the government taking their gibs from the kike entertainment complex than with getting gibs from the government.	1	0	1
Illegals and Refugees are worth more then gold to Israel ask any Kike They are behind the total onslaught against white nations worldwide	1	0	1
for the sixth time islamonazi 	1	0	0
Queers don't have a case for Biblical or Church sanctioned sexual immorality.	1	0	0
You know the genocidal shrink is a perfidious jew you dissembling kike.	1	0	0
South A 	1	0	0
anyone who wants communism or socialism is evil and immoral	1	0	0
Ya' might be a libtard if........... 	1	0	1
Cruz has got his Neo Con issues, but come on, This Beto self hating white leftard clown, who would watch the US burn tomorrow for a Senate job & some shekels is getting 40% in the polls in TX? How many illegals on the voting rolls down there now? And the leftist white dipshits that have destroyed CA & NY living their now I wonder? Enough to have horse mouth win?	1	0	1
"Obviously this is a libtard account that is lampooning Nat Socs. I get the feeling this is one of those ""scalp taking"" account reporting accounts. Everything on this is dripping with sarcasm. And that post? That's a reference to the Gab loli issue! Then it contemptuously hashes WHITE CULTURE"	1	0	0
She is, but I've still seen people claim to be Hispanic and are pretty dam dark. Its a pity all the mixing that's happened. Last I checked Galicians in the north west of Spain are Celts and when I visited Catalonia their were lots of white people.	1	0	0
Did you read this, you evil commission of the EUSSR? Yes, they read it, but decided to act other way round. They ought to be hung.	0	1	0
I caught my dog eating her own shit.  Reminded me of every liberal I've ever met.	1	0	0
The jews that live next door, fucking kids and telling us what to think, might have something to do with it.	1	0	1
There were no extermination or death camps, there were labour camps. Jews died for the same reasons German citizens died: typhoid, and starvation from relentless allied bombing. You’ve see photos of emaciated bodies and immediately assume, like a good fuckimg sheep, that those we Jews killed by Hitler. All claims of ovens and gas chambers have been debunked. This is simple shit, dumm	1	0	1
So Libturds 💩are 'concerned' about the constitutionality of using military funds to build The Wall, but could give two shits about the 2nd Amendment. #GunControl #2A #MarchForOurLives #BuildTheWall #MAGA	1	0	0
Absolutely! And...he should be nailed to the wall!	0	1	0
"Muslims made West believe that vast majority of them are peaceful & only a minority like ISIS is radical. That is a vicious LIE. Behind our back Muslims keep coming to the West in masses, breed like rats, with goal to become the voting majority then via Sharia Law they would ""legally"" kill us or make us slaves in our own countries"	1	0	1
"Not surprisingly, Obama announced that his ""library"" will have no books. Libtards just make shit up for their deranged followers. No need for books. Voodoo works fine."	1	0	0
Women should not be in the military... Other than that this picture did nothing wrong.	1	0	0
We need to support this teacher for telling the truth when she knows she will be attacked by #Libtard #SJWs  https://www.facebook.com/kellygraley/posts/10156224702772958	1	0	0
Enough is enough president Trump! Because the Governor's in our state, California, refuse to protect our borders you need to arrest them, freeze their assets, throw them in jail and throw away the key, end of discussion! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!! @realDonaldTrump	1	0	0
You DO NOT have a vagina nor are you a woman. What you DO have is a mental illness that needs treatment.	1	0	0
Hey retard, thats not how tagging works, kill yourself you dumbfuck baby boomer nigger.	1	0	1
Ban the Muslims NOW. DONT WASTE A MINUTE. BAN ANYONE WHO HATES AMERICA.	1	0	1
And for something completely different... 'The only time diversity ever helped an organization was when #nasa hired actual #nazis'	1	0	0
The highest prelate of the Synagogue in Israel confirms that it is true. Imagine a non-Jewish prelate who dares to say the reverse? Who would dare to say that Jews were created to serve non-Jews?	1	0	0
i hear that comment a lot; its very widespread. However i do not know why he chose to execute Barbarossa, or why he wanted to invade Moscow. Surely he didnt know it was suicide? YES THE BOLSHEVIK EVIL ROT was CENTERED there but honestly it LIVES EVERYWHERE. in EVERY EVIL corner of the world. Perhaps he just wanted to be done with his doublecross of Stalin? IDK...	1	0	1
Isn’t past the time to start killing all leftist?	0	1	0
"Berating brown-skinned non-Christian people for doing evil things is ""problematic', you see."	1	0	0
Again, why doesn’t Mr. Klion get the whole thing started by killing himself. I could at least respect his sense of conviction then. Otherwise, he’s just another little srlf-loathing, fuck stick prog with a boner for brown people.	0	1	0
Look at her back side...big ass, concave back of her knees.     Just kidding, it's her front side, that's her gunt and her knees just have fat rolls.     Which way, western woman?	1	0	1
John McCain famously sang 'Bomb Iran' to the tune of Barbara Ann. I associate him with a different song... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPz2baLE-48 #McCain #JohnMcCain #BlackSabbath #Metal #MetalMonday #VocalCover	0	1	0
.You have proof of that you fucking dickhead faggot from Rome! 	1	0	1
BREAKING! TECH COMPANIES MEET IN SECRET TO STEAL 2018 ELECTION    Left desperate to win midterms   https://www.infowars.com/breaking-tech-companies-m...	1	0	0
Holocaust as a political tool. Didn't see that coming.  Jew-nited States of America holocaust museum revokes suu kyi's human rights award 	1	0	0
‘George Soros wants to remove Slovakia’s anti-immigration government.’ 	0	1	0
Keep going the way you are going, and you will be the one being fucked royally by the mussies you are enabling...unless you are really one of them of course.	1	0	1
She didn't even make it to the middle east. I'm surprised she made it that far. Great example of the liberal mindset. They live in a fantasy world. Then they want everyone else to accept this fantasy world. 	1	0	0
"Yes, libREtards are very eager to kill, to see bloodshed.  That's the reason ""all"" murderers voted for demonRats, a party where they learn to hate, to murder. PRAY GOD BLESS AMERICAN PATRIOTS STAY TOGETHER, PROTECT AMERICA and BE SAFE!!"	1	0	0
Leftists are openly plotting to interfere with law enforcement agents and harass them and their families wherever they go. 	1	0	0
Yep! Bono is a retard, the rest of U2 are retards, the Pope covers up systemic pedophilia inside the Catholic Church, and the EU are corrupt dictators, flooding Europe with dangerous infidelophobic Muslim refugees!! https://www.bitchute.com/video/kQIgciyHIG4/	1	0	1
islam doesn't seek to assimilate into ANY culture, it seeks to assimilate cultures into it, you're naive to believe any differently with 1400 years of evidence. https://www.jihadwatch.org/2018/03/germany-muslim-migrants-terrorize-small-town-fair-sexually-harassing-women-and-fighting-locals	1	0	0
“Judaism is Marxism, communism” Harry Waton, A Program for the Jews and an Answer to All Anti-Semites (New York: Committee for the Preservation of the Jews, 1939), p. 64 “The communist soul is the soul of Judaism.” Harry Waton, A Program for the Jews and an Answer to All Anti-Semites (New York: Committee for the Preservation of the Jews, 1939), p. 143	1	0	0
So this is #France's team which is supposedly made up of #European #Frenchmen.. This looks more like an #African team to me.  Look what #Multiculturalism has done.. #Demographic replacement is NOT okay, it's morally wrong. These are not #French people.  They are good players however, and I bet many of the African teams would love to have them. #Fifa #WorldCup	1	0	0
Virtue signalling trumps facts you silly sausage ;-)	1	0	0
"Its the ""holy"" days for murdering isalmists... around the world rape, murder, beheadings, and all sorts of unspeakable violence are taking place "	1	0	0
Matthey Hickley must be a woman. No man could be so illogical.	1	0	1
Washington and Jefferson didn't import slaves, didn't go to Africa to buy slaves, and didn't bring slaves to America.	1	0	0
ONLY SOLUTION to the JEW 	1	0	0
In 50 years either humanity will exist or Israel will exist.  Not both.	1	0	0
@meh6000‍ foucault was a liberal and you are gay!	1	0	0
Courtest AOSHQ, Pensacola women's march bans pink pussy hats because not all women have pussies and whatever they do have isn't always pink. On the outside. They're all pink on the inside. But the inside is outside of politics. Anyway:  http://bit.ly/2Dn47zp  	1	0	0
Invite goat fuckers in, expect goat fucker problems.	1	0	0
Lengthy, But well worth the read! 	1	0	0
That's the answer you Roman Catholic Nazi scum always have for your enemies.  You losers never change your tune.	1	0	0
"CNN's Bakari Sellers: Kanye West Is What Happens When Negroes Don't Read -- Candice Owens @RealCandaceO Offers $100,000 for Debate (VIDEO) Looks like the ""identity politics"" isn't going to work anymore for democrats. "	1	0	1
Fuck Mueller is right..Crooked,  stupid bastard..He's lining his and his dem lawyer buddies pocket$ with our tax money...MILLION$..Fire that fuck..	1	0	0
Nice false equivalency you cretinous niggerstain. 	1	0	1
It's not the beat cops! It's the ASSHOLE Mayor deBlasio! 	1	0	1
No, my argument is that the Earth should open up and swallow the universities into Hell where they belong, and the taxpayer liberated from funding this nonsense. My other argument, however, is that crying that people should be fired for what they say is leftist nonsense.	1	0	0
Castrate him then send him back from where he came from! If people cant respect our laws and our culture IN OUR COUNTRY THEY SHOULD FUCK OFF!	0	1	1
Getting off scott free.and I've been so hoping he would end up in prison along with his fellow liberal criminals Obama and Hillary and many other of his felonious co-horts over the past 50 years. I despise this traitorous bastard, he sold out my brothers in Viet Nam and got away with it. He has a hot reservation in Hell waiting for him.	1	0	0
The difference between mgtow and feminist is that most mgtow men, typical betas that they are, don't tend to be raging homosexuals, whereas feminist are commonly seen wearing blue hair and humping on the legs of other women, and are aggressively violent toward both men and other women.	1	0	0
Him being a faggot is an argument against him. Faggots are disgusting and degenerate. 	1	0	1
The only thing comparable in stupidity to a liberal is a white nationalist.	1	0	0
Justifying the use of the word 'monkey' is just playing by the Left's rules. They  should apologize for playing the race card so often that it's worn out.	1	0	0
Israeli Terror Campaign is a reaction +Media Op, live with Islam you'll come to realise it. 	1	0	0
Great more fking Kenyans? What has EVER been improved with MORE Kenyans?	1	0	1
I wouldn't be too surprised if Luke started interrogating random white kids in a chemotherapy ward.	1	0	0
While I despise everything they represent, Dems make GOP look dumber than they are. They signed up hundreds of thousands of voters today in the anti-gun marches. Where r the supporters of our right to bear arms? Why aren't we taking over our cities & registering young voters.  GOP EQUALS BULLSHIT.	1	0	0
The Politicization of the FBI....	1	0	0
Daily reminder that I hate niggers, jews & moslems but what I hate more than anything else are anti-White, White People.	1	0	1
the nigger part was funny	1	0	0
No matter how corrupt, or vile, or lawless, democrats NEVER think they do anything that merits them losing their jobs. 	1	0	1
Yeah, and the stupid liberal bitches who wept and fainted at Obama's speeches...	1	0	1
Americans wake up! The opposition to #MAGA is the fucking Jews!! Who are the (((Left))), who are the (((Free Masons))). (((Who))) are the globalists?? 	1	0	0
Big shock there, Stalin the Crypto Jew, burned down all the Orthodox churches, but touched not a Jewish Temple and gave them their own oblast within Russia. Same filthy Jewish/communist swine different century. The 3000 year old 'Jewish' question, how to live with white slavers who want your land. 	1	0	0
They have now elected a nigger woman for mayor.	1	0	1
During the islamic global invasion where we know muslum money has infiltrated the West... The anti-semite propaganda of blaming Jews for everything seems legitimate... How stupid are you fools..Did you forget the Democrats disrespected Netanyahu and then funded election meddling in Israel? as they funded isis?	1	0	0
Nog & Asian fight in waiting room of medical clinic in Las Vegas. Only white person in waiting room is overweight boomer. Fag employee tries to calm everybody down until black cop arrives on scene. I wonder what the Italian hating Las Vegas sheriff from Casino thinks of all this diversity  Weimerica2018 https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=uETEo_1526974370	1	0	1
Hairdresser: So what would you like? Feminist: I'd like to have people assume I'm part of a cult! Hairdresser: Say no more!	1	0	0
Assad's true crime?  Stepping on jew territory.  Only jews get an ethonstate, silly arab!	1	0	0
The reason we have not seen any indictments for Killary, FBI etc is because the corruption and treason is so massive and far-reaching that it would bring down most of our current government immediately. 	1	0	0
Sorry, jew boy, but I'm already on all of your lists. Still waiting for you kikes to make good on all those death threats you like to send my way but are too cowardly to act on yourselves. Guess I'll just have to wait for one of your nigger pets to attempt to do the work you're too scared to.	1	0	1
The erasure of white history. You take MLK and make him white and there would be riots from coast to coast. You take traditional European history and turn it black? GOOGOO EYES. This is how you know they're out for our destruction. They want to repaint everything that doesn't belong to them. Though they'll never claim any sin. Disgusting.	1	0	0
JUSTICE!    Antifa faggots are going to have their fingernails ripped out and their asses treated like Russia's borders in the 1700's: constant expansion.   http://yournewswire.com/putin-antifa-russia/	1	1	0
Flattards have an explanation for that one. They demand that you go south instead of east-west. Then they never travel south. Always one excuse or another.	1	0	0
No, she is just a stupid edgy girl looking for attention or social acceptance within her little universe. Girls do not care much about anything except social hierarchy. She could become a gay-lover in a month if she feels like it. Girls have very little logical thinking ability, empathy or sense of right and wrong. 	1	0	0
Oh now now...they are just like you, minus any level of maturity and intelligence. Just think of them as whiny teen-agers and don't let them get under your skin.	1	0	0
Never in our country’s history have so many idiots come together to surrender their human rights at the altar of our government. The liberals of America have reached a new level of insanity that has never been seen before. 	1	0	0
His future is defo in porn since he can't spell	1	0	0
Why is it only folks on the right that R always being played, but the left seems to think they are impenetrable? Why is everyone ignorant 2 the truth except those that agree with radical left ideology?  Why is it that the left demands everyone justify their acceptance of bigotry but somehow they are exempt from owning up to theirs? #ThursdayThoughts Kanye West	1	0	0
Tommys book busts the myth that islam is a religion of peace	1	0	0
The first thing to understand is why 4chan is viciously pro-Nazi. Before /pol/ got big, the SJW commiefags would find any normie right wing group online and infiltrate. They thought they won every debate and would come back over and over and over again.	1	0	0
Unfortunately obesity runs high in the black community and we white folk are not as forgiving around obesity on first sight...we're just okay with it once there's a ring on her finger and she has claim to all our things.	1	0	0
You’re right.  Race identity politics is evil even though all races except only whites engage in it.  And we need more 3rd world street shitting Indians in the West. 	1	0	1
Kill them all.  Let Allah sort them out.	1	0	0
sorry, #GabFam, but Columbus, OH voters suck...	1	0	0
JEWS ARE FUCKING EVIL & VILE! NO MORE EXCUSES FROM THESE REPUBLICUNTS! TIME THAT THESE DEGENERATES BURN FOR THEIR EVIL! STOP THE QLARP! STOP THE CUCKSERVAJEW BULLSHIT! JUST CUT IT OUT! YOU FUCKING COWARDS ARE CREATING THIS DYSTOPIAN NIGHTMARE WHILST CALLING US NAZI... YOU FUCKING SORRY FILTHY BASTARDS DESERVE WHAT IS COMING!	1	0	1
Fuck China. 	1	0	1
in all fairness, %99 of niggers never mature mentally past the age of 7... their ugly nigger gender neutral bodies just grow to adult nigger size	1	0	1
Don't forget the most demonized and hated broadcast by the demon globalist and MSM That's right ! It's the Alex Jones and the Infowar www.infowars.com/show	1	0	0
Most 'hate crimes' are hoaxes, and they're usually perpetrated by blacks, gays and muslims.  Despite the frequency of it though the left feels accusations should be believed immediately, and white men especially should be considered guilty until proven so.	1	0	0
# walkaway 	1	0	0
#AustraliaDay #AusFam #AusGab #AusPol Don't be fooled by leftard bullshit.	1	0	0
"Dude, You Aspies are geeky wimps trying to act like badasses. Then when you get laughed at for being such impotent, ineffectual wimps, you feel you have to ""show the world"" by going on a cowardly dishonorable shooting spree. You're a wimp trying to use ""tough talk"" so of course you get laughed at! Aspies SUCK at politics, and you KNOW it."	1	0	0
Lol we actually get wood chippers on my street. You just put your prunings on the side of the road. Why not have an Alt Right wood chipper? Its the free market Shlomo! Just toss in faggots and other bundles of sticks.	1	0	0
Not really. Jews think the highest of themselves.	1	0	0
The white S/Africans should be known as the forgotten ones, they have been slapped in the face with so many doors and so many doors have been slammed in their faces.  	1	0	0
Someone's buttplug has been dislodged! What is it with these communist snowflakes working at Buzzfeed? Why do facts and free speech give these losers so much butthurt?	1	0	0
My parents said don't mix, think of the children.  It messes with their head.  More specifically they told me not to date blacks for they tend to abuse their women more than white guys.	1	0	0
I wish President Trump would dump Twitter and Join Gab! Gab would blow up over night! Twitter would die! The LEFT is so EVIL!!! They run every other app that he's on!  Evil, Evil PPL!!! Their HATE 24/7 it's REALLY UNBELIEVABLE!  I didn't say jack when Obummer was pres. I Hated what he did to the USA and I kept quiet online etc! I'm so sick of the hypocrisy I want to puke!	1	0	0
#Itsoktosaynigger #screwmlk #mlkwasanigger and so forth. It bears repeating. That guy did more to fuck up #White #America than about anyone else. I don't give a damn what he did or didn't do for the negroes. They all need to be sent home to #Liberia anyhow...	1	0	1
Do liberals/progressives even have an argument? They are really good at painting labels on you, but I almost never see a credible argument that might even have a shred of reality that might make me reconsider my positions. How are they allowed to run the show?	1	0	0
All this does is CONFIRM the fact that Trans/Genderfluid people are mentally unstable.  Taken right from their shitter account. Hopefully they don’t take anyone with them to Hell.   W.P. Follow W.P. @waywardpatience  Queer. Genderfluid. Socialist.  I don't like you and I don't care what you think about what I do. Most of all, I don't need your opinion.-RBF	1	0	1
Shows you TRULY how Zio-Kikes feel about Christians! Fuck 'em! ***NOZ KOLAC JASENOVAC! UKLONI ZHIDOV!***	1	0	1
Being fat will take ten years minimum off your life. Many people lose 20 to 30 years. So why is the left now pushing people to accept obesity?  Because we must no discriminate against fat people. We must let them die early so we do not offend them  This is how insane liberalism has become	1	0	0
Why would u listen to that Jew garbage?	1	0	1
I'M SO FUCKING SICK OF THE LEFT'S SELF-RIGHHTEOUS BULLSHIT I COULD PUKE! MUST SUCK TO HATE TO BE HAPPY!	1	0	0
Is this that bimbo twat with fish lips and hideous full sleeve tatts?	1	0	1
Holding hands is punishable by death, but pedophilia is alright..... nice morals there #Muhammad. #Islam	1	0	0
Time to stop all Chinese immigration including students and visitors. They are all spies and enemies of the USA.	1	0	1
FBI agent: “Trump supporters are all poor to middle class, uneducated, lazy POS” http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/06/14...	1	0	0
fxn.ws/2DqbTfN  everyone on the left r scum scum scum and #DROPDEDALLLEFTIES AND BURN BURN BURN IN H*LL WHERE U BELONG #RUAWAKEYET REAL AMERICA; THE LEFT R ENEMIES WITHIN @POTUS	1	1	1
Moldovan President condemns faggotry & is pissed off that local authorities & police allowed LGBT march & teargassed anti-fag protesters.  “I strongly condemn the actions of the authorities and the police that ensured the march. These are values that are alien to us, which I do not accept ” http://orthochristian.com/113136.html	1	0	0
The Tell Mama group shed crocodile tears over the Telford Islamic Rape Gang scandal.  This statement is coming from an org that denies any connection between Islamic rape gangs and Islam  https://twitter.com/TellMamaUK/status/972874866742448128  What a bunch of hypocritical and dishonest scumbags.	1	0	0
#Abomination these idiots will sell their soul for a buck. #Pathetic   Caitlyn Jenner Says Trump Set Back the Transgender Community 20 Years  https://search.app.goo.gl/Hj6X  	1	0	0
Okay, I understand why you're upset, but you need to see it this way: mass killings, loss of jobs, housing crises, and total ethnic replacement is just the price we have to pay for diversity. How else could we enjoy fresh shawarma, kebabs, egg foo young, burritos, etc, if not for our vibrant newcomers?	1	0	0
When it comes to these frothing at the mouth Jew liars, I prefer the policies of the Nazi's.	1	0	0
The first clue that I'm a communist is my Ron Paul shirt. The second clue is my Anarchist profile quote. But what really seals the deal is referring to anti-semites as Jew Haters and trying to have a rational dialogue with them. Only a communist could be THAT stubbornly stupid.	1	0	0
Jews not only look a gift horse in the mouth, but they'll demand the immunization records.	1	0	0
FUCK LONDON ! Disgusting ! I WILL REMMEBER THIS DISRESPECT .... Everytime there is an Islamic terror attack .....	1	0	1
It's the bleeding heart libs who think non whites just need their white help to so much as 	1	0	0
“Freedom IS more important than safety” these urine soaked socialist piece of shit fags never put a gun in their hands & fought  4 R country I have no problem wiping these high school commies off the face of R earth , or them killing eachother, & I’m glad they go home & play 10 hours of PlayStation it’ll  prepares them 4 What’s coming 4 threatening R 1st & 2 Nd amendment	1	0	1
Aww cmon guys let’s lose on principle, we can’t impose on our ideals - this is why no one can take these Christcuck cuckservative morons seriously anymore. 	1	0	0
"People blocked doors of restaurants to stop attacker screaming ""Allahu Akbar"" from getting in. https://t.co/Sji8kSFqf0"	1	0	0
A #British #comics publisher doesn't want whites at conventions http://fourcolormedmon.blogspot.com/2018/04/a-british-comics-publisher-doesnt-want.html  #moonbats #comicsgate #racism #comicbooks #politics #England #comicgate	1	0	0
Im an ALPHA, intelligent, angry, 27 BMI, full set off teath, malcontent, decent, ethno tribalist, non pervert. so laughs on you leftist scum	1	0	1
No, no one gives a shit about the conservative message. And there isn't even a conservative message. It stands for nothing. It surrenders on everything. She's a good example of someone who surrenders on everything. It's just a gimic. And you like it that way.	1	0	0
If you are stupid enough to follow trump-you might be a full on RETARD. trump is a born rich eletist who inherited his wealth,went to Ivy League college on daddy’s dime,dodged the draft 5x,made his money hiring illegal immigrant construction workers and shafting blue collar workers, & went bankruptcy 5x (a form of WELFARE).	1	0	0
Eliminate jews and we'd be living on Mars in 50 years.	0	1	0
The dems and never Trumpers can't stand seeing the serfs breaking the chains of financial slavery that they worked so long and hard to forge.	1	0	0
The black kenyan marxist is a worthless sack of human feces. Gitmo is too good for that traitor.	1	0	0
"OK, I've made a Post today picking on Donnie, so let me balance it with one in his favor....  Remember that Bernie Sanders Honeymooned in Moscow cuz he Loves his fellow Commies so much. But, we're to believe Trump is ""too close"" to the Ruskies?!?!"	1	0	1
fat chance, shill. I will continue to call you controlled opposition pieces of shit out every chance I get. We are all becoming aware of how to tell the difference between real and paid shills like your ugly bitch face. It's so simple: The paid shills say 'lets do another Holocaust'. YOU SAID LETS DO ANOTHER HOLOCAUST. YOU SAY IT ALL THE TIME YOU FUCKING PAID SHILL PIECE OF SHIT. Keep calling attention to yourself, get doxed bitch @MrsHawthorn	1	0	1
Good. Valarie Jarret is in the spot light & she's not teaching us anything. Doesn't like the spotlight.  Can't have it come out how she's Obummers handler & her 'love' for America and its people is on par with Obummers. She might even hate US more. Roseanne got the Muslin Brotherhood part right. They R  hell bent on destroying the Constitution. Sharia law anyone?	1	0	0
kikes are liars and thieves.	1	0	1
"No, they're not. We don't want them. The only reason fags are welcomed is because turn-coats and neocons want to prove they're ""tolerant."" In doing so they support the lefts agenda by accepting you bug chasers. Homosexuality is a mental disorder at a minimum. Go look up STD / homo / pedophile stats. The only red pilled you could be is if your aids pills were red."	1	0	1
Yaaaaaaay.  Cranky Brit faggot who wanted to poison President Trump.  Yaaaaaaaay, now he's a good Brit faggot.  May he burn in hell.	1	0	1
Jew wealth is from thievery.	1	0	0
shit libs are sub human	1	0	1
Sippy cups for their intellectually challenged clientele. Apparently kept putting the straws up their noses.	1	0	0
#NWO Deepstate Swine Reprobates Psychopaths Pedophiles Cannibals Luciferian satanist  	1	0	1
I have no idea what left field ur coming from. Ur argument is some obfuscating “America is based on racism” commie BS	1	0	0
Maybe he sees that his future is a fat bitchy broad in size 4x skinny jeans harping on his ass and can't ever give another fuck about life.	1	0	1
The left is evil... There is no other way to put it.	1	0	0
Who wants to kill little blasphemous sand babies 👶🏽?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDAY56MdPEI	0	1	0
"""Educating"" black people about black people - Check your privilege white boy .... you are a literal fraud "	1	0	0
#ReleaSETHememo and watch the DNC eat themselves alive...	1	0	0
The man is gay and likes wearing women's clothes. Has he kept his penis in case he want's to change his mind? Transgender, he's gay. You really want this thing to hold any office? Ask him if he still has his penis and when is he going to get it chopped off. I would ask a lot of questions of this guy or woman.	1	0	0
Its not good enough to be islamaphobic. I think every normal rational human being should be islamabloodyterrified of this totalitarian, expansionist theocracy which flouts human rights and supresses free speech. Je Suis Charlie!	1	0	0
I don't mind the occasional gas the kikes thrown in as long as it's satirical and makes me laugh a bit at their discomfort. 😎	1	1	1
"Javier the Mexican then says ""Listen compadre, I wish dat me, all my ese's and all my senoritas could go back to mother mexico with all the knowdelge dat we have and return it to the beautiful land that it once was"". Genie snaps his fingers and poof all the Mexicans are back in Mexico. .................."	1	0	0
SMH 	1	0	0
Don't be fooled by so called Catalunyan patriots. They're NOT patriots, they are leftists believing they can create a state more 'UE friendly'. They are betraying legitimate catalunyan pride to offer this PART OF SPAIN to globalism.   They're in a sense like Scottish independantist, a bunch of cucks	1	0	0
What fucking drama queens, letting women vote was a bad idea	1	0	1
Well, of course!  Fight those white Russian people.  Kill all whites.  That's the non-white anthem.	1	0	0
The amount of #Jew hatred that I see on #Gab makes me question why I don't see it that way myself. Here's a thought... If #Jews are responsible for what people here claim, the blame is still ours for being weak minded enough to have let it happen. Anger at Jews instead of ourselves is similar to #blacks being angry at #whites instead of taking #responsibility, no?	1	0	0
Let's give Muslims the choice to convert to a real religion of peace, and if they do not, deport them to a Muslim country. This is a war and the West is getting its butt kicked by these savages and their traitorous left wing allies, and the #NWO  	1	0	0
Again, your body, your choice. Rape, incest I'll give you. Pure stupidity? Not a chance.	1	0	0
That fucking pussy of a pig #cop who shot the #groundhog needs to be put down. Where did they hire this idiot? From an episode of '#SouthPark'?  	1	1	1
We must exterminate the kikes!	0	1	1
The lie of homosexuality and pederasty in ancient Greece collapses	1	0	0
Identity theft in the US is a problem existing almost entirely on account of illegal aliens. Several years ago I found the correlation between ID theft rate and foreign-born population percentage to correlate at a staggering .75 at the state level https://anepigone.blogspot.com/2008/06/more-immigr...	1	0	0
"MFer. Stealing from White people. It's what ""they"" do. If the S Africans starve to death it serves them right. I wish Trump could run machine guns to these White people for their protection."	1	0	0
The problem isn't the government.  The law is just ignored when needed to appease the mobs.  The problem is the 3rd world population.  How do you fix that ... peacefully?  Especially when we're paying for the immvasion and the defense.	1	0	0
"Politicians arent ""cowards & buffoons"". That title fits the American voter. They do nothing and continue to vote for people who do not represent them."	1	0	0
On the other end, California is number one in public defecation, murders by illegal immigrants, crooked mayors that impede ICE, diseases that were extinct in the whole developed world, companies that censor your thoughts and sell your data, Trump derangement syndrome, leftist intolerance... I could go on, but you get the picture.	1	0	0
#Europe #Germany #Rape #Islam #Muslims #Migrants #MuslimMigrants #Immigration #IslamicImmigration 	1	0	0
Tell him to bring his goat and camel fucking faggot ass to America and burn a flag in front of me ... I will beat him into a trauma center bare handed that faggot pussy bitch don’t have the balls to come here and do it	0	1	1
All-in-all, just a bunch of negative nancys. #LoonyLiberals #Peace https://www.infowars.com/tv-poll-71-of-liberals-do...	1	0	0
LOL you don't know me very well do you? I DON'T CULL NOBODY,  he can GTFO of MY COUNTRY and take his filthy DISEASES WITH HIM IDGAF 😂	1	0	0
I dont know why everyone sees Hitler as some type of War Guru  That stupid nigger lost and history repeats itself Trying to invade in winter with no proper equipment  and I dont support Churchill or Roosevelt's communism we had to live with  They were all fucking stupid    Hey LARP against the left fine  But when push comes to shove you aint doing shit. Remember that	1	0	1
Armenia is a nation of mongrel bastards.	1	0	1
An all-women’s college has banned its instructors from referring to female students as “women” in an effort to promote a “gender neutral” environment. 	1	0	0
The Jews do it for the “TIPS”🤔😆	1	0	0
I'll never understand the mindset of a white liberal,  constantly wanting to act against yours and your own people's self interest.... It's so strange,  won't find any other race on the planet thats been tricked into believing that acting in their own self interest is somehow bad or wrong.	1	0	0
Take a bullet like a fucking man you faggot  -me to that gay faggot Nigger kike David Hogg. I'm not a fag but I'd fuck him if he came into my cell on death row in Texas.	1	1	1
END EU&NATO/STOP AID TO TERRORIST COUNTRIES&GIVE AID TO HUNGARY&POLAND THEY R CHRISTIAN COUNTRIES UNDER ATTACK BY EU&NATO FOR REFUSING REFUGEE MUSLIMS OF ISLAM!!	1	0	0
'Multiculturalism' is just jewspeak for ethnic fracturing & polarization!	1	0	0
Again this is not blatant,but there's always mixed race or non-white couples thrown into what was once unapologetically White!At the rate Canada's being taken over,this is misleading https://www.google.com.au/search?q=canadian+couple&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjRh7XDwYbZAhWLUbwKHYyfDxMQ_AUICigB&biw=1698&bih=972	1	0	0
He pulled an Obama and filled the Vatican with his pedo globalists. Gonna be tough to get rid of him.	1	0	0
He lives in the Selma March over and over. Worst case of racism I ever saw,and pay your fucking taxes	1	0	1
I understand white people use to do this as well.  	1	0	0
Have The Democrats, READ Hillary's EMAILS? 	1	0	0
THISVIS WAY DEMOCRATS THINK ABOUT LIFE , EVIL PARTY	1	0	0
Cast a doubt? Excuse me? He cast a Doubt? Go have a fucking beer and think that thru asshole.	1	0	1
Most all so called refugees were former IsIs scum all military aged men , you are so right , A GLOBALIST BACKED STANDING ARMY . Hagelian Dialect	1	0	0
Berlin 	1	0	1
Translation = Anyone I don't agree with is a Jewish agent. 	1	0	0
And it is truly shocking and discouraging to observe how many cowardly whites have chosen the second option.  They would rather their children face extinction at the hands of brutal, subhuman muslims than be seen as ‘racists’.	1	0	0
The dindu underestimates the raw power Whites have when we face opposition. We've always been a minority population on the world stage, but we always prevail and persist in the end.	1	0	0
Stefan Molyneux said a while back that the best possible scenario for the improvement of gender relations is a massive civil war/economic collapse/catastophe. Make women realize how full of shit they are and how helpless they are without Men/The State to save them. Then they'll come running back with their tail between their legs begging to return to patriarchy and traditional gender norms. U...	1	0	1
Theresa May is a traitor and needs to be shot like a traitor	0	1	1
#Religion #Islam has #Sunnah the verbal teachings of the #pedophile #Mohammad. The Teutonic people have Sunna the Sun Goddess. Ours is Hotter and she doesn't suggest we rape children.  	1	0	0
God was not speaking to (((jooz))). He was speaking to the Hebrews or Israelites. Jews are imposters, deceivers, the children of Cain/Satan and the synagogue of Satan.	1	0	1
The Serpents Seed really get on my damn nerves with this tired ass shit. We are called Americans, you satanic reprobates!  Liberals don't remember what Americans are anymore now that they're into their cult of illegal immigration, amnesty, sanctuary cities, chain migration, lottery visas, protecting MS-13 and catching and releasing illegal criminals.	1	0	0
They literally ooze hatred of being clean, feminine, or even of being 'civilised'. The one showing her huge derriere is obviously at a low point in her life. No one wants to look at it, so she's determined to shove it in our faces. Nice. They're basically saying, everything is crap, we're crap, life is shit and so nothing matters. While they waste their young years in this insane negative madnes...	1	0	1
"The Nazi's were leftists - ergo The ""National Socialists"" in ""Nazi"".  "	1	0	0
Anderson is not bad on some things. 	1	0	0
Let these degenerate shits have at it. At school, we learnt that cock+cock = mudchild 💩 And cunt+cunt = salmon sashimi 🍣 But, cock+cunt = baby. 👶🏼 Men should withhold their essence and women withhold their eggs, then these Gayzors will not pass on their genes.	1	0	0
Well... at least a “man” was still first. By the time all of this makes it to Globalist textbooks in the future it will be a female astronaut who went to the moon just to abort her baby there because she wanted to do it first... before using her size A bra to sling the spacecraft back.	1	0	0
Go along until you have taken all seats of power, vote each other into office, kick out the catlady lesbian and burn the BLM flag. Purge the entire thing. You now control the assets of the church, have a nice place for your homeschoolers to meet too. And you will get free media attention from the hate. If you're not hated by the satanists, you're not a Christian.	1	0	0
And Muslims don't belong in Europe and North America. So fuck off back to your shitholes 	1	0	0
It is exactly what was fought for. Feminism was never about fairness. It was about gynocentrism and subversion. 	1	0	0
"The White Race? Thank God Illegal Aliens Will Be Deported, It's OK To Be White, We Have A Chance! America, Hear Our Voice. First It Was The Natives, Now Whites Are Under Attack & Not By Killing, By Mass Migration, No Open Borders!!! ""Let's Make America Great Again!"""	1	0	0
niggers believe thay are owed everything. when the libard government allowed niggers to believe they were the equals of Whites all hell broke loose.	1	0	1
"I know! Y'all need to re-institute the Waffen SS and go after the fuckers! Start up a game of ""Cowboys & Muzzies""!"	0	1	0
Two things I hate in this world. People who comment on something to which they have no idea and trashy bloodlines thinking they are part of the white race. Fucking filth.	1	0	1
You wanna bet Hillary will be hanged by 2020? I’ll even give you until January 1, 2021.   I say she won’t be. You say she will be. Whoever is wrong deletes their account? Deal?	0	1	1
@cincinchili @Wolverines @LonesomeHomestead @Don @CLAUDIA @BrotherLarry @CzarofFreedom @justspring @MCPR @Ricky_Vaughn99    Antifa is a rabid dog that was fed by the progressives. Now they want it put down. http://www.michaelfmartin.com/why-are-the-politici...	1	1	0
Stalin would be proud. He liked to ERASE people from History. 	1	0	0
Twice in the last century, the New World was forced to come to the aid of the Old. The next European war that will inflame the world is already underway, because like before, Europeans are making decisions that lead inevitably to their own conquest. They never learn. https://tinyurl.com/yae4fkl3	1	0	0
Why is anyone protecting these savages  http://thereligionofpeace.com	1	0	0
"I miss the days of lynching postcards. Blacks today know that they can get away with rape, murder, and robbery, and then have white shitlibs make excuses for them. Trump is full of shit along with his Kike son in law in pushing for ""Prison Reform."" All that means is more niggers out on the streets to do you and your family harm."	1	0	1
astonishing ........ how stupid mother fuckas are   where were they when scalise got shot I despise liberals ! So much!	1	0	1
SUCK CITY 	0	1	1
Yep. So, pull troops from Germany, reposition in Poland  (they want us, they'll do their part, they are like minded, they are in strategic location. Strong ally)  If NATO cleaves to old purpose, ditch them. Make individual alliances w/ strong like-minded allies who, like Poland, honor their commitments. 	1	0	0
Yes, remember we were all told Bush was never going to attack Obama because he only wanted him to succeed.   	1	0	0
That's the problem with phony christians! You tried to explain to my ass? Wow! 	1	0	0
These Central American Gimmegrants  are standing in line and being paid off‼️  Who wants to destroy America‼️  Soros, it’s always Soros and the DemonRATS he owns😡‼️	1	0	0
European Resistance: 	1	0	1
"Jews seeking to betray whites whenever possible...they ""hate nazis"" but were ""inspired by Brexit and French right wing groups"". Does any part of this fiction make sense? "	1	0	0
KEVIN MCCARTHY A TRAITOR TO THE COUNTRY!! SUPPORTING ANTI TRUMP CANDIDATE IN OHIO     NEXT OIN LINE FOR SPEAKER MY ASS   GAVE !  HE GAVE 10K TO THE ANTI TRUMPER!!  VOTE THIS PRICK OUT AND DEF NO SPEAKER POSITION!!  PASS ON PLEASE  CRITICAL McCARTHY EXPOSED AS RINO ANTI TRUMPER	1	0	0
Tom Arnold, a communist Gigolo.	1	0	0
Geert Wilders for Breitbart: Muhammad is Coming to the Dutch Parliament   Later this year, the Dutch Parliament will be the scene of a unique and historic event. In the secured offices of my party, the Party for Freedom (PVV) in the building of the Lower House in The Hague, we will be hosting an International Muhammad Cartoon Contest.	1	0	0
When I responded with the same but female instead to show them how wrong it is they called me a whore and that I oppressed and raped them I as a girl and a lgbtq+ supporter apologize to y'all for these shits 	1	0	1
Those filthy traitors must hang!!!	0	1	1
The gay movement has been hijacked by the worst of scum. Most are leaving it, and all that’s left behind are fat man hating lezbos, and their white knights. 	1	0	0
Now if a man looks at a girl without permission it's called rape. That's why there are so many more so-called rapes this year than last. It's become fashionable to be raped. Women want to be like celebrities who are all #metoo. 	1	0	0
'Unhinged, Insane, and Out of Touch | Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi's Democratic Party ' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaoHJOe-aQg	1	0	0
"https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/11/us/politics/trump-shithole-countries.html  apparently telling the truth about countries we're opening the 3rd-world fire hose from may ""alarm and mystify"" some *congressmen*. Don't sugar coat it - africa and haiti suck for a reason. "	1	0	0
All i find Nancy is SHIT!	1	0	1
The left has no integrity. They wail about mothers and children being separated at border, but all support Planned Parenthoods abortion mill, that just kills the future children.	1	0	0
leftists ruin everything they touch! I just got banned from a discord server for using the 🅱️ emoji. they said it was racist XD.	1	0	0
100mil ? 60mil(stalin), 6mil(hitler),  80mil(mao), 3mil(polpot), 5mil(n korea), more like 155mil murdered by socialists in last 100yrs. They do ut because socialism doent work. The only way to keep it going  is to murder everyone who wont go along with it. Islam is the same way.	0	1	0
So....   Now we love the niggers and hate the Jews?	1	0	1
#AntiWhites deny #WhiteGenocide, then treat Whites as pure evil.	1	0	0
You know your country is MULTICULTURAL . . . .When there's armed patrols on the streets.	1	0	0
"Trump: Immigration policy should just be ""you can't come in""  It works for me. "	1	0	0
YOU. ARE. ALL. FUCKING. GAY	1	0	1
Leftism is the science of converting fake victimology into real privilege.	1	0	0
ATTENTION SYRIAN 'REFUGEES'! You can go home now; the war is over....   https://southfront.org/french-president-assad-will...	1	0	0
"I am fed up with these scumball senators saying, ""OH but this country is only one DACAS know!""  This is an emotional excuse and makes NO SENSE.   Send them home to meet their families and make them stand in line to get back in.  We have supported them for enough years -education, medical, living, food, scholarships, free tuition, etc!  ENOUGH you scumball senators!"	1	0	0
The fact is that these will never stop happening until autistics and mental retards are sterilized and removed from the population and institutionalized. This kid snapped because he lost a game. Only autistics behave this way.  http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/08/26/mass-shooting...	0	1	1
The feminists that like pedophiles and getting gang raped. Sick bunch of perverted parasites 	1	0	1
The Bolshevik revolution was led by Jews. Maybe you should learn about these things before you virtue signal like a fuckin kike.	1	0	1
Sen flake is a coward.	1	0	0
Reparations to be paid in the form of a one way ticket back to their mud huts in africa.	1	0	0
She's exactly right. The kike media pushes  White females to mix with niggers and other non-whites as a way to foster our destruction.	1	0	1
I will watch Teresa May speech if she gets shot	0	1	0
Feminism is now Female Supremacism as women have all the rights that men have and they still have special privileges in the courts and in our culture. Cultural Marxists who hate America, Whites, and the West are the leaders and preachers of Third Wave Feminism.	1	0	0
"We can argue about what religion is more dangerous to world peace but...I guarantee you that if islam gets sharia law into the USA you will be very sorry...I cannot say that for the jews who are already here en mass and by enlarge have done nothing to restrict human rights or free speech...""I'm not taking sides""...i'm just stating the obvious."	1	0	0
Like @m says, armed fags don't get bashed. Even though they're a bunch of commies, like many of the Kurds, I'll support them throwing DAASH off of rooftops for the sheer hilarity of it all. https://www.gaystarnews.com/article/gay-guerilla-g...	1	0	0
True...These White Girls...Have No Idea The Cultural Differences A Black Family Observes.... 	1	0	0
Democrats always defend Evil. 	1	0	0
All the liberal. Democrat and SJW rats leaving the ship after their lack of any boundaries on their principles of Tolerance, diversity and multiculturalism and protection of alien invaders, unborn baby killers and sexual degenerates created a hell on earth. Like Pilate they are all washing their hands of the betrayal of their own society.	1	0	0
YES THEY HAVE.  A BUNCH OF TRAINWASHED IDIOTS!	1	0	1
Just in case you didn't think the Left had truly lost their collective minds... (I appreciate these little reminders from time to time.) https://medium.com/s/greatescape/your-climate-chan...	1	0	0
you're not a jew by chance are you?  fellow whites	1	0	0
Know it when you see it! May I suggest the TV series Elementary (5/7) stick to procedural drama and not propaganda by comparing Christian Identity with the Taliban to see how many useful idiots it can conjure. 	1	0	0
This was a huge win for the Left. Not only have they destroyed a sacred patriarchal institution, but within a week of doing so, they're already using it to sexualize children. When they start making a big deal about teaching them consent, prepare for the push on pedosexuality.	1	0	0
Victim gets the last laugh winning case to punish porn posting pig of exboyfriend. 	1	0	1
I won't leave you in suspense, there is something far more dangerous than birds: 	1	0	0
That's true. The Liberal MSM and their bitchfests on air alienate more and more  sane people by the second.	1	0	1
Is Sadiq Khan, mayor of London out of his mind? Why doesn't he fuck off back to his in-bred goddamn country and stop the grooming of local girls before telling us what to do about free speech? Oh that's right, kuffar girls deserve it, no? fucking asshole!	1	0	1
What's to analyze? Invasion coming, put troops on border, shoot those stupid enough to cross. Tell Mexico to shove it up their ass.	0	1	1
Kike memes or no memes at all you fiserable maggots!	1	0	1
the so called jews, are not jews at all, but are of CAIN. Western whites are literally the so called 10 lost tribes of ISRAEL. britian is thought to be the children of Joseph, Ephraim (europe) and the US is thought to be Mannaseh (cow pokes). Naturally the children of SATAN, CAINs father, wants to destroy the ISRAELITES the true CHOSEN	1	0	0
Good practice for kicking microbrained transsexuals like you in the head!	1	0	0
Sharing one of my faves. Always be prepared for stupidity from libs.	1	0	0
Nope, I couldn't agree more. Wish I hadn't seen it, except to further my understanding of ESPN's agenda. Was nothing but more racist, anti-Trump propaganda designed to incite clueless young people to be even more clueless. Namaste.	1	0	0
The jews spread that rumor that he was a pagan, among all the other false rumors of him.  For this reason, they wanted surviving christians to disassociate themselves from him as much as possible, even though his cause was for the very sake of preserving christianity.	1	0	0
I love articles with happy endings and a story about a few dead faggots is a happy ending to me. 	1	0	1
Because nothing says “respect me” like running around dressed up as syphillis and chanting about how cool abortions are. 🙄🤢 #WomensMarch2018	1	0	0
JOHN KELLY CALLED ELIZABETH WARREN ‘AN IMPOLITE ARROGANT WOMAN’ IN EMAIL AFTER TRUMP TRAVEL BAN CONVERSATION 	1	0	1
If Jesus Christ's Father is worse than Hitler, what does that make Muhammad's father?	1	0	0
When even a flag triggers them, then you know that Hollywood is full of butthurt snowflakes!	1	0	0
Letters??? Holy shit, I've been calling them squiggles for years... 	1	0	1
Open enough already. Try having a functioning country when 25% of your citizens are Muslim Arabs. It's difficult. To put it in perspective, imagine 100 million of the 400 million USA citizens would be Muslim Arabs.	1	0	0
http://theantimedia.org/hillary-clinton-ignored-staffers-sexual-harassment-allegations-during-campaign/   #CrookedHillary is SCUM in expensive clothes & the #MeToo movement waiting til they're on their last legs after DECADES of misconduct by her and her husband is a ridiculous joke	1	0	1
"WE THE PEOPLE could care less if the government has to ""shut down"".   Talk about taxation without representation! R's are being interviewed about how they dont like this bill & then they go & vote for it!?! WTF?? We are being marched to war! I'm pissed!!"	1	0	0
Should we stop pointing out all criminals and thieves or more special rules just for jews?	1	0	0
It's coming here in the USA as well, but you Brits and EU folks are inundated with savages— PURPOSELY AND YOU EVEN ACKNOWLEDGE AS MUCH.  	1	0	0
I heard from three unnamed sources that said Omarosa was a demanding bitch on set. She claimed a head injury when a little piece of ceiling tile dropped on her head. She was in a construction area and had a hard hat on. The latter part is true as I watched that episode of the Apprentice.	1	0	0
He played Mr. Freeze???!!! Heh, since he's a Jew, he ought to be called Mr. Eisen.	1	0	0
The dishonest, corrupt left and media will go down kicking & screaming in an effort to maintain a population of unproductive voters. If their trivial distractions ended or stopped working, folks would turn their attentions to serious issues that really impact them & ultimately wake them from their perpetual stupor.  #ThursdayThoughts Kanye West	1	0	0
And we're supposed to take this woman seriously? Demonrats do a disservice to all women with this crap	1	0	0
Has racist lefty liberal globalist mob vindictiveness claimed another innocent's job? 	1	0	0
“Diversity” - the program that allowed incompetent Blacks and Women to beat out competent white men on high paying jobs! The Blacks remain as racist as ever, and the women are now using the “Me Too” movement to destroy white men’s careers, lives, and marriages!  	1	0	1
Nafri #rapefugees in Germany turning to highway robbery.  https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article166...	1	0	0
Oh and if I choose to fight over my land? Then I am branded a terrorist and the fucking capitalist commie state floods my land with feds until they murder me. FUCK YOU! What do you own? NOT A FUCKING THING!	1	0	1
@SpeakerOfTurth? 	1	0	0
Why Right vs Left is Good vs Evil | Trump London Protests 	1	0	0
@Cantwell‍  how the fuck do we activize? Do we go hand out flyers and shit at Walmart to Multicultural boomers? Spray paint swatzikas on our dicks and make porn. I'm ready to win. What do we do to ram the ideas of Seig Heil and Physical Removal into people. Is it like making love without protection?	1	0	1
This may be true. But the Jews hate Christianity with a passion, it's impossible to deny their hatred for it. I think it can be used as a short term tool for the benefit of all white Europeans .	1	0	0
We live in a world of soft men and hard women, of lazy elites and hard-working poor. Our society is, at once, both upside-down and backwards. And yet, through it all, we have God as our anchor and the ultimate Judge, who sees the truth of our hearts and sets justice in place - if not today in this fleeting world, then certainly in the grand and cosmic tomorrow.	1	0	0
This is Sedition, all of these obstructionist should be charge on the title 18.	1	0	0
"so an ""English Teacher"" was Seduced by a Teenager's Post-it Notes !?!? "	1	0	0
Women not having kids is not even a remote possibility as a personal choice in a proper society, you stupid faggot.	1	0	1
Texans in the vast plains, rivers, and the farmlands must gather, arm up, and declare independence from the United States of America. We are a nation of warriors that fell at the Alamo only to rise victorious, just as the Spartans did in the narrow pass against the Persians.  The USA needs us. We do not need those sickening fucktards	1	0	0
Purging the Strasser brothers who wanted an alliance with the Soviet Union is treason? Haha Heimbach your Russia fetish is showing. So much for your and TWP's muh tradition muh values LARPing since you want the known homosexual Ernst Rohm to maintain power. You are a crypto-communist and you're not afraid to show it.	1	0	0
Thomas Paine	1	0	0
Yes, the brotherhood invented this imaginary slur to control us in the 1960’s? 	1	0	0
>Why tf is MORE Government meddling/regulation always the answers.  99% of Americans are liberal, one half just doesn't realize it. It's like trannies who believe they're the opposite sex---the facts don't matter, it's all about how they feel inside.	1	0	0
Justice Anthony Kennedy is retiring .. I have my buckets ready, can't wait to catch all the liberal tears.  Fill 'em up !	1	0	0
It's just as foolish and just as violent. I don't discriminate against holy books. They're all a crock of shit to me	1	0	0
Just finished genociding these weeds, these lawn niggers, from my yard.	1	0	1
'Muslim Gets What’s Comin’' by @GuardAmerican https://gab.ai/tv/watch/23681	1	0	0
No problems. I thought she was just a dumb bimbo trying to get some mangina cuck to marry her and give her kids so she could arse rape him in the divorce courts.  Turns out she is a Jewish subversive. 	1	0	1
Joe biden is fucking disgusting😲😠	1	0	1
Leftists have allied with Muslims to destroy Western Civilization and Christianity. Christians must stop being passive about the threat from Leftists and Muslims. We must organize and train for holy war. Riots, arson, raping, assault and murder are coming this summer as the #DeepState launches its counter-attack on Trump supporters. 	1	0	0
Sturgeon is a mad lesbian witch.	1	0	1
Only tyrants want to take a populations right to bear arms away... https://goo.gl/mcjtf3	1	0	0
Hey you don’t like pork loin and tequila get tha fuck back to your shit hole Islamic country then 🖕🏼👳🏾‍♂️ I like the way they treat the savage filthy islamists over there 😂😂😂 https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/china-re-education-muslims-ramadan-xinjiang-eat-pork-alcohol-communist-xi-jinping-a8357966.html	1	0	1
These shitlibs think it more upsetting that some shitlord photoshopped this image, than it is that she wants a full gun ban and confiscation..	1	0	1
Throw the 'migrants' out of the country.  Let Angela The Traitor Merkel deal with them.	1	0	0
"Here is an idea...  You are driving along near a Baptist Church. You see a few people with signs...""Christians Love Pedophillia"". You stop and investigate. You are handed a flyer that cites Talmudic verses promoting pedophilia as well as evidence to Jewish promotion of child molestation."	1	0	0
If you do not kill those that wish you harm you are setting yourself up to be killed by those same individuals. Our ideologies are way too far apart to ever co-exist and frankly...I don't want to coexist with them.	0	1	0
Want to thank all libatards for being stupider than Pelosi.Now get out and vote Patriots!! If these tards take power it's going to suck big time	1	0	0
It was a joke on how his optics weren't the clownshoe-nigger outfit.	1	0	1
HEY FELLOW WHITES, SIT DOWN AND LET ME LECTURE ABOUT HOW TERRIBLE “WE” ARE...	1	0	0
Thank god women aren't good shooters!	1	0	0
Black Conservatives on Twatter: CNN's @JeffreyToobin called Antifa, a left-wing political terror group with few if any black participants, an 'African-American organization.' These violent stereotypes are racist and wrong. Using it to smear POTUS Trump — even worse! Liars @CNNPR! https://twitter.com/i/status/1035315440153755648	1	0	0
most disgusting people: - third worlders - gays - illegals - anime/marvel fans - kid fuckers	1	0	0
I think these idiots have been brainwashed by their college professors and women's groups to think PC. The stupid thing about it is they are white or near white. Will they want to be first in line? It's totally ignorant in my book to hate your own race. 	1	0	0
Oh you know all the Nazi's names eh, you stupid NAZI FAGGOT.  Go suck this big black cock NAZI.  LOL.  Shit for Brains.	1	0	1
"On a Sunday, in 1983, two 'white' females held up signs for Marcus Allen: ""We want to bear MA's children.""  I told my wife, ""I will never watch another anti-white NFL game, again.""  I have kept my Word. #Foundations"	1	0	0
That bitch is not an American, fucking Jew Bitch.	1	0	0
How stupid. So many darkies in the Carolinas.	1	0	0
Reminder: in a significant number of muslim-ran takeouts in the UK, children were and are still raped upstairs on a daily basis. Police know, teachers know, doctors know, pharmacists know. This is why UK is facing it's own Tiananmen Square moment and banning journos for life. #Britanistan	1	0	0
Yeah I just never stopped .. one ban was for pointing out to Mulsims that they had killed 669 Million people since Mohammad and that with actual Muslims included their Religion Of Peace must be aiming for the billion number?  I mean, whats wrong with that? 😉😆	1	0	0
dual citizenship with israhell is a conflict of interest	1	0	0
LEOs are the only thing stopping the niggers from just going full chimpout. Sometimes they do anyway.	1	0	1
"Right so like I said, you want to have your cake and eat it too with this whole ""patriotic"" anti-racist sentiment of yours. This is why no one takes you retards seriously. Either you denounce the founding fathers for their racist practice of owning niggers as slaves or you've lost the moral high ground to lecture people for their racism. It's very simple."	1	0	1
well satanism gos hand n hand w/islamic teaching,they both are pedophiles,war mongering war lords,they both teach to deceive the non believers of their cult,they both are out to kill all jews&christians,seems like time to fight fire w/fire,maybe it's the man in me speaking,bc i know prayer is the most powerful tool,action just gives faster satisfaction	1	0	0
if they were only work camps that got twisted later on into death camps, does that mean the jew sees being made to finally work and not be a leech, as the *same* as death?	1	0	0
Dick's... What a bunch of fags...	1	0	1
Definitely Skid Row is the best band ever existed.    ...and whoever disagrees is a fag	1	0	0
"The text that real Christians follows states that the Jews said ""[Jesus] blood be upon us and on our children"".  If the nation destroying, baby raping, insane cult of genocidal murderers who call themselves Jews are the real Jews, they are responsible for that. If they're pretending to be the real Jews, that isn't much better.  No real Christian respects Jews."	1	0	0
They ran this commercial during the superbowl and some of you weaklings are still worried about being called a white supremacist fuck lol 	1	1	1
O.o 	1	0	0
Only in a delusional and arrogant world of the antivaxxer would I be seen as the mentally unstable one.  It's like talking to a toddler with downs every time I encounter one of you subhuman cretins.	1	0	1
This happened 10 minutes away from my home. People are diligently sending thoughts and prayers, changing their Facebook avatars, and carefully avoiding mention that the shooter was radicalized by islamists in prison.	1	0	0
OMG, this is SO sexist, I just can’t believe you would post this!  I love it!	1	0	0
My parents rented a storage locker twenty years ago when they moved overseas. The facility is located in the town across the highway from my hometown, which is now entirely populated by Mexicans and blacks. Twenty years abroad, and no one ever bothered to break in until yesterday.  #BuildtheWall	1	0	0
Anyone ever wonder how the Non-Whites are getting into White Nations?	1	0	0
Health > Family > Success 	1	0	1
Here is a flag for Hezbollah you islamonazi scum bag	1	0	0
WHY do these criminals have access to info that ordinary Americans are forbidden to access? What happened to our “right to know” what the hell the government is doing behind closed doors? We want the fucking truth, damnit! 	1	0	0
This is bullcrap. The government can’t even deal with muslim rape gangs plaguing our country.	1	0	0
Its 2:28pm in Athens Greece and my 60 year old stalker has spent all day and night dreaming up lies about me over at Fagitter while shitting and pissing on himself in his wheelchair in his mother basement. He claims everyone talking to me here are my fake accounts lol. Meet homo with AIDS child rapist Eddie Dzial http://www.pornwikileaks.com/?s=eddie+dzial	1	0	1
A nigger lover and traitor to her race.	1	0	1
Having been a member of The SCV (Sons of Confederate Veterans) for the past 25 years... I feel such a disdain and hatred for these ingrates I can't even put it into words. In fact, words aren't even needed or appropriate for such an act,....just a rope.	0	1	1
"I would follow some of you back if you'd just ditch and stop using  that Jewish frog. Don't give The Daily Shitter"" publicity. It is nothing but a drama attached website that is co-run by the Jew Auernheimer. Andre only seeks attention. The site is trash. That's why Gayvid Puke does interviews with them. They aren't pro-white whatsoever. Trump is anti-white."	1	0	0
"""A people that fails to preserve the purity of its racial blood thereby destroys the unity of the soul of the nation in all its manifestations. A disintegrated national character is the inevitable consequence of a process of disintegration in the blood."" - Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf, Vol. 1, ch. 12"	1	0	0
Bastard they all seem to use mental illness as a defence for Terrorism this is inexcusable and the law needs to be changed so these Moslem Scum that Commit Terrorist Attacks Don't get away with their crimes. The Law is an Ass! 😠	1	0	0
India, America, China and Israel are run by (((Hindu))) (((Episcopalian))) (((Buddhist))) (((Scumbag Jew))) fags! #Draintheswamp	1	0	1
How does one know that a Mexican politician is under control of a criminal cartel? He's still alive! 	1	0	0
What I find bizarre about the Correspondents Dinner 2018 is that White House staff could have organized a couple of right-wing comedians to appear on it and have a go at the left-wing liberal scum gathered in the room. What is this pussyfooting with leftists all about? Fuck them, the perverts that they are! mock them at any opportunity, that's what I say.	1	0	1
heres a nigger culturally enriching an office with vibrant diversity, our greatest strength!  	1	0	1
So the jews lapdog #Trump attacked Syria again. I'm sure Trump cucks will call this 90000D Chess. Trump is another zionist faggot.	1	0	0
For any of you who live in Niggerville, this is probably more effective than a Taser (go to 08:30) 	1	0	1
Edward Norton played a really compelling role in American History X. Especially the first half of the movie, because I can't recall watching the rest. 	1	0	0
I totally feel sorry for heterosexual women. I sure as hell wouldn't wanna suck a cock. I feel your pain.	1	0	0
all pedos all child traffickers should be shot and killed and that means hollywood and the msm and  the so called elite democrats! kill them all	0	1	1
Well your welcome to South Carolina, we have great weather and great beaches. You want to get here before California takes us over because they have turned their State into a shit hole now, with Libs,gays, and disrespectful people.	1	0	0
Yup. 	1	0	1
Where are the hoards of the Pussy Marchers and Anti fascist clowns that virtue signal about Trump and come out in their thousands. And stay silent when people protest about real adversity, hardship and oppression and the Islamic fascist place are called on to quell demonstrations.     	1	0	1
There should be a movement to remove womens right to vote! They just cant think logically!	1	0	1
JEWS you stupid Kike worshiping mother fucker.	1	0	1
Another perverted Catholic priest.  Deplorable reprobates!  http://via.wnep.com/Uo5Vz	1	0	0
MD would have many conservative reps if it wasn't for the gerrymandering the libtards use. Every district snakes into the no go nigger spic zone. This shit needs to change.	1	0	1
This filthy sub simeon needs impaling.......  https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/978577/Brexit-news-gina-miller-brexit-people-s-vote-march-second-referendum-latest-video	0	1	0
If you can't laugh at this,you might be a liberal progressive.  https://youtu.be/C8vZzP5yvJw	1	0	0
Liberals think a 20-year-old adult is too irresponsible to own a gun, but a 5-year-old is enlightened enough to pick their own gender. Makes total sense.	1	0	0
"when I have time I will put all the bits together for u lazy fucks who support a pedo who abandoned his kid cause of his paranoia and now dumb cunts like you believe a pedo cop ""took his first born"" unless you've heard his claims it was the Australian gov that made her leave him.... lolololol NONE of you are actually Truthers."	1	0	1
numbnuts, it's not my fault you don't know what #Hasbara is. pink little israel agent @wirelessguru1‍  is running an old script. 1. Israel good. 2. Muslim bad. 3. Chemtrails harmless. Sound familiar? It's not my fault you're literally like the last person to be told #JewsDid911. Time to #DitchHasbara  http://www.rense.com/general86/hoccl.htm	1	0	1
These sandmonkeys are INVADING Europe. This is war , not damn charity. Europe will be last on the Mr.Trumps cleansing lust. Tben we can take our counties back , and send the scum hone , back to there Muslim Shitholestan 	1	0	0
what do you think of the concept of the Bible being a guide written by our ancestors on how to behave and remain strong? I mean if you take out some of the magic and wizardry...it basically says “Jews are bad, they’re evil money lenders, don’t trust them, they killed our homie, here’s ten things they will try to get you to do so don’t do them bro”	1	0	0
""" We appreciate all you've done for us, but your a slave now, that's just the way it is in the Wonderful World of Islam.."" "	1	0	0
Conservatives are kike puppets Neocons #Cuckservatives #Brainwashed	1	0	0
Gervais SLAMS religious slaughter “I couldn’t give a F*CK what your ‘God’ says” “There is no excuse for animal cruelty. I didn’t care if it’s your ‘culture’. I don’t care if it’s ‘tradition' https://unitynewsnetwork.co.uk/gervais-slams-relig... #BritFam	1	0	1
Is there anything that doesn't offend Muslims? Well, except for mass killings committed in the name of Allah, rape and abuse of women and children, and all the evil deeds perpetrated by Islamic adherents... 	1	0	1
Trump is the king of neo nazis and i am a true neo nazi. You're a faggot jew boomer	1	0	1
Fake - created by a Democrat. 	1	0	0
Just charge any employer (including hiring managers) who knowingly hires illegals for treason with the death penalty and complete nationalization of the company.	1	0	0
All across the West media tycoons are in cahoots with governments, banks and big corporations and yet no one seems to connect the dots as to why MSM is covering up the sins of the rich and powerful. What free press? It's been gone since the 19th century.	1	0	0
Where on earth do you morons spring from? Catholicism is the truth. That is why it is in crisis. It is under deadly assault by the evil one. Many of us believe today, with good reason, that the man who calls himself Francis is an anti-Pope and that we are living in the last days. My advice to you is to find truth faith and cling to it because evil days are upon us.	1	0	0
Like a cancer destroying it's host. They push this ideology to bring current social construct down, weaken the foundation. Replace it with authoritarian tyranny far from meritocracy. Installed Czars, inquisitions, tribunals, censorship & lies. Dems are moving to they're final form of Marxism.	1	0	0
"True. But without ""men"" you end up with things like ""stupidity"", and ""idiots""."	1	0	1
Throw their asses off a five story building alive like the Muslim’s do to Queers!	0	1	0
Lay the ideological ground necessary to eject ALL immigrants, THAT is how its done  The morale of the ppl must be harnessed, if they are to free themselves of an embedded army of over 1500 years, the christians & jews must be purged, by bringing back pagan traditions & culture  It HAS TO BE a permanent solution, guaranteeing the future of our people & the white race	1	0	0
@ShannonMontague  knows how to draw a crowd. Cheap drinks and cleavage.	1	0	0
"The term ""Institutionalized Power"" Is Leftwing doublespeak to avoid a race realist conversation. About some people's ability to be civilized or produce civilization is greater than others. #Sh*tholes"	1	0	0
Twitter shut me down cos a liberal went through my tiny number of tweets until she could find something to shut me up...They didn't like my response apparently lol.	1	0	0
The last paragraph of this Delingpole article states; 'Of course we know that the way liberals think is stupid and wrong. But surely we’re not so harsh as to believe that the punishment for their mental illness should be death?' That is debatable. In a longer article about this event, it comes out that this couple were menaced repeatedly, and almost robbed in that region of the world. So, they k...	1	1	1
Another AI goes NatSoc 	1	0	0
I’ve finally seen peak leftist stupidity. Arguing on fb with the Brit friend of a friend who is adamant that USA has more than one mass shooting a day. I check his site, and discover that mass shooting is defined as 1 person shooting another. I fucking hate the uk.	1	0	0
Welcome to Gab, Kenya niggers!	1	0	1
Brent Bozell‏Verified account @BrentBozell 45m45 minutes agoMore	1	0	0
So just half a kike? Does your beat require your constant homoerotic Gab stalking? Or is this just what you do while that big black bull is pounding your wife in the other room?	1	0	0
What a fag, not even a real boy.	1	0	1
Texans, be aware that the corrupt deep state is spending millions to turn your state blue.   Don't be lazy.  Get registered and vote!   Donald Trump says he'll campaign for Ted Cruz at 'biggest stadium in Texas we can find' https://www.texastribune.org/2018/08/31/ted-cruz-b...	1	0	0
If we can get Nazis away from Nazism, especially away from anti-Semitism, that is better. Nazism and anti-Semitism are the problem, not ‘true racism.’ Do not be a typical leftist liberal Antifa-type and paint ‘true racists’ and Nazis with the same brush. It is reverse psychology.	1	0	0
"And the means to achieve that very end are the false principles of ""Tolerance, diversity and multiculturalism"" each of which both in their dictionary meaning and in practice are the antitheses of national and social cohesiveness and common values. It is always the white advanced nations that must make these concessions because they are the only racists!"	1	0	0
What are you offended about?  	1	0	1
I call them sand niggers. But, shitskin works just as well.	1	0	1
women have already proven incapable (collectively not universally) of more power when they are abusing the power they're given. Your hate and selective persecution makes YOU the enemy. Men are the heroes, and chivalric knights. that's why you hate them. we see you for the enemy scum you are	1	0	0
#PervPastor copping feels at Aretha Franklin's funeral. Nothing but a bunch of thug . criminals #ArethaFranklinFuneral #FridayFeeling #SpeakFreely	1	0	0
If you were a Muslim? Would you rather fuck a goat or this?	1	0	1
I unironically believe an ugly, ungrateful barren cunt like Sarah Jeong should be harassed and bullied until she cracks under pressure. She has preemptively blocked half of the Internet to protect her ego already. Keep it coming.	0	1	0
and here we see the faggot it its natural habitat	1	0	1
I’m so tired of anti Semitic crap, white guys became pussies and is their fault no one else. jews couldn’t organize a piss up in a brewer. White guys are weak because they forget how to be dominant and it is their women who made them like that not any one else.	1	0	0
I really don't mean to argue with you, I'm sure you know better than me, but they're multiplying by factors of 15 or even 20.  There is literally one generation's time before their children, trained and indoctrinated by their psychotic muslim parents to practice jihad.  The enclave situation is similar in America, but more widespread. I pray for your victory.	1	0	0
Really we need to rebuild community. Mormons are starting to crack, but they're still punching above their European-American demographic weight.	1	0	0
I used to pity Palestinians...but not anymore...they are not interested in peace...they are sharia law activitists that want to destroy infidels...be it Jews or Christians...read the Quran...you will see.	1	0	0
If I was running this country those Islamic training camps would be brought down by our Marines in the dark of the night, one at a time, taking no prisoners in the process. Those demonic Muslim lunatics do not deserve to breath another breath of American freedom. 	1	0	0
Lets just come right out and say it if you arent a Democrat then you are a racist NAZI that doesnt have a right to free speech, an opinion, or the space with which to express yourself. It is wjat it is.	1	0	0
Does anybody worth a damn really care what this fucking nigger on ESPN thinks? And, does anybody really even care about the shitty ESPN network? It needs to sink into oblivion. 	1	0	0
DIVERSITY IS CODE WORD FOR WHITE GENICIDE!!!!	1	0	0
I also want all non-whites out of White lands.  I believe my ancestors who helped build White nations, kingdoms and empires would agree.	1	0	0
If you think state regulations will fix anything, I want you to know that you are fucking stupid...and probably a commie as well.	1	0	0
Honduran refugees and the hellhole they’re fleeing 	1	0	1
Of course. They're 'brown people', and can't be held to the same standards as 'us'.     My response is that I speak often about the slaughter of the Copts in countries like Syria. Also brown. Also speaking Arabic. But with an entirely different ideology.	1	0	0
Prussians hated that Austrian/Jewish homosexual shit	1	0	1
Heroes.   @potus of fake assaults   accused kav of fake assault, didn't work.	1	0	0
You can tell that the cop feels for these animals.   Nothing is more blue pill than faggots who wear uniforms to larp as men.	1	0	1
You can't debate with a Libertarian either.  1)  Mindbendingly tedious theoretical concepts. 2)  Legalize Marijuana.	1	0	0
Dont do that mate just because some short sighted american asshole cant see further than the end of his nose! They are in the same if not worse predicament than us, we are all in the same boat when it comes to the muslim takeover problem its happening in the USA too, That prick is just looking through rose coloured glasses!	1	0	0
mooooslims and da jews are both the lowest of the animal food chain they aspire to be shit dont elevate them	1	0	1
LOL - let that dimwitted Korean female talk! At this point even The Onion beats the New York Times when it comes to real news: https://local.theonion.com/we-must-protect-the-pure-aryan-bloodline-says-child-1826868946	1	0	0
here's a interesting fact, when I used to point out the ineptitude of black G.I's on WW2 discussion groups using the historical facts, I got banned, never thought so many cucks were into history.	1	0	1
The NRA has officially endorsed a handgun for Democrats that both conservatives and liberals will be able to embrace. It makes the perfect Christmas gift for your left wing friends! @ChrisLoesch @dloesch @benshapiro @RealJamesWoods @PatriotWriter @mitchellvii #parody 	1	0	1
He & that bald headed dyke should be brought up on murder charges for their involvment.  Turns out the Dyke Lesbo had been harrassing Nicolas Cruz the supposed shooter in school and bullying him.   I hope this is true.   Henry Makow is usually accurate.	1	0	1
And they continue to do so, R'abbi. It's as simple as that. (((The enemy))) wants to take over the world, and they want to kill you and me. Heretical rabbis they will burn at the stake, incidentally. So what will we do about it-?	1	0	0
"""A place to discuss Jesus with fellow clean-living Christians"" lol that description. But wasn't christianity responsible for the tentacle hentai?"	1	0	1
NOW THIS IS HOW YOU DEAL WITH MOSLEMS....THIS IS WHAT EVERY NATION SHOULD DO... 	1	0	0
Numales, Soyboys, etc. are the result of males being raised in an over-feminized environment : Shielded from all hardships and obligations to build strength and character, they shun any responsibility of being masculine.	1	0	0
First of all, you're a fucking wetback. Secondly, you're pro-kike, therefore anti-White. Firing squad for you, traitor.	1	0	0
To hear some people say it, the evil Jew corrupted the innocent Christian with porn. Wrong. Jews took advantage of a demand that was already there. People like porn, period. 	1	0	0
The tax still goes to fund the muslims.	1	0	0
This is truly sick.  Only a mentally ill person and/or a traitor to our country would endorse or vote for someone in the American Communist/Socialist party.  I smell a civil war brewing.	1	0	0
More 'Give them room to riot' leftist reasoning. Leftist controlled cities become shithole cities in such short time. https://www.wral.com/texts-show-police-chief-told-...	1	0	1
he's tappin more lady ass than us. not nearly as faggy as almost all boy bands.  still have to support anyone the left is trying to take down for their retarded twisted victim-laced and jealous world view. #dontbejealous	1	0	1
"It's really interesting that the black boy is wearing a sweatshirt with a blond girl with her eyes crossed out. The portrait really reminds me of the art of wolfgang willrich, a famous German artist. Also, in the same article the only white girl is wearing a shirt that says ""Superior,"" lol. "	1	0	0
Is that a thought crime now not liking other ethnicities?  Is it a crime to be white or European and just fucking love it and be proud of it?  Haha I'm glad I don't work for Starbucks and have to sit through fucking cultural-bias day!	1	0	0
GOOD MORNING USA CONCENTRATION CAMPERS unelected CFR NSA/CIA members can spy on, target & kill u-RU OK with that? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cywfuWVISUY	1	0	0
Yea well we are quickly approaching a perfect storm of suck where we will pay half of our money to be raped by a pack of feral 3rd world vermin.  Flipping the table is the sane option.	1	0	0
Oh, good!  Someone named Pankaj Mishra is here to tell me why my race isn’t worthy of looking after its own interests like everyone else is. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/08/30/opinion/race-po...	1	0	0
When half of California's population is foreign criminals, we should be removing at least one of those Senators..	1	0	0
As if killing a few people who deserved it means you are the most right wingest that ever existed or something	1	0	0
lol nigger I'm 15 years old, I'm just much smarter than you so you think I'm old hahahaha	1	0	1
All I care to say is you must have lived in a shithole in the UK, and instead of trying to change it you tucked your tail between your legs and ran away!! You shame the British!!	1	0	1
I swear, it should be illegal for niggers to possess, own, or handle firearms at this point.	1	0	1
Trump reminding the communist swine about their beliefs... looking right at them sung ho is a hard core motherfucker. Good man.	1	0	0
why do you keep REGURGITATING NONSENSE BULLSHIT from JEW HISTORY BOOKS? 	1	0	1
"The more you deal with Jews and/or observe what they do, the more you realize the ""Nazis"" were right."	1	0	0
Of course not, bro, you is one clued up mother fucking nigga mate.	1	0	1
Russians banned GMO'S not because it will hurt US. They banned them because they are an Abomination. They are trying to rewrite our Divine DNA.   Russia trying to sway US opinion on GMOs, researchers say | TheHill  https://search.app.goo.gl/tx9s 	1	0	0
And...and...ALL of the EU Libtards  think  that Trump is The Dictatorship...well now...it seems you all are living under a Communistic Government .	1	0	1
Maybe he just thought you looked like a sand nigger because you’re wearing a shemagh in your avatar pic like a sand nigger would.	1	0	1
is pepper spray illegal in cuckadia? it really takes the fight out of your average violent faggot.	1	0	1
COMIC: Slave Boys of Mars 2 – Art Only. Pages 5-8. 	1	0	1
I got thousands of comments and hundreds of DM’s filled with hatred and insults towards me, wishes I was dead, threats, insults towards Christians, etc all over this tweet defending the sanctity of Christendom. They have indoctrinated the youth to hate God.	1	0	0
Amen! The Devil is real and He's a Democrat!	1	0	0
'Peoples vote'? 	1	0	0
Returning home from DC. If ever anyone needs to see how bloated and impotent our  Overlords have become, they only need to take a trip to this swamp of corruption. Every taxpayer in this country sends money to this place of hell, so that our “servants” can have cops protecting them on every corner, and palaces dedicated to telling them how wonderful they are.	1	0	0
"Imo, anyone who murders a law enforcement officer should be given a greater penalty; they stand between us and the criminals in society; they risk their lives to protect ours. There is a difference between ""us"" and ""them"" and penalties should reflect that. If not, then there is no dividing line between us and them. There has to be a line that defines authority."	1	0	0
Headline: Republicans Resist Plan To Rename Senate Building For McCain  I don't know, 'Crapweasel Senate Building' kind of has a ring to it.	1	0	0
"U neo-nazi's and Muslims have tried for 70 years to ""kill them all"" Yet you FAILED-'cause UR fucking losers. DEAL WITH IT LOL"	1	0	1
Yep, apparently so. Fucking commie jew bastard prolly	1	0	1
Statues are coming down and you still give a huge portion of your money to subsidize the breeding and importation of non-whites who don't like you and will replace you. Which way, white man?	1	0	0
Don't you love it when the truly evil, perverted, disgusting leftists are triggered and take off their masks? 	1	0	0
Holy fuck what a rat's nest of shitholes. I say nuke the entire region into glass and shadows and let the surviving cockroaches sort themselves out.	1	1	1
A physician and former Green Beret has tweeted about the dangers of the ‘body positivity’ movement after Cosmopolitan featured an obese model on the cover of its UK edition. https://www.infowars.com/physician-warns-about-dan...	1	0	0
only *LITERAL FUCKING NAZIS* refuse to sacrifice their children to globohomo gayplex™  By denying globohomo™  the blood of gentile children that it uses to nourish itself with you are basically committing a hate crime	1	0	1
"""What will you do today, to disrupt, disturb, and defy the enemy?""  Ah, good question. Glad you asked. "	1	0	0
Also, for the record, I'm quite chivalrous towards white women but that Antifa bitch would have been my next target! They want equal rights? Well, here ya go!	1	0	1
David Hogg needs his ass kicked.....right after his parents get theirs kicked for raising such a wretched human being.  	0	1	0
I just had this conversation at work.😂😂😂.  I’m close to moving back to NYC and being done with these lazy S.C. Gullah Fucktards	1	0	1
Go to google image, do a search for Marine graduating classes. Why are the Marines, all white and hispanic. Why are Negroes who are 15 % of the USA population only 2/100 marines. Jews are not the only people that don't fight in wars in this Country. Heck we have more Lesbians now than Negroes in the Marines. The American Negro we could afford when they were only 5 %.	1	0	1
Listen, faggot, you’re just a brainwashed lazy minded drone who has never looked into it. Tell me: what proof is there that any sort of genocide happened against the Jews.	1	0	1
If Conservatives don't become guerilla militant and fast then 60 million progressives are going to turn America in to a socialist politically correct shithole. The govt is going to appease black/brown leftist to maintain socialism. That means your persecution.	1	0	0
We work better as a MAGA unit , stop the in fighting , save the energy to curb stomp commie filth . 	1	0	0
"I really don't believe ISLAM is a religion at all. I believe it is a geopolitical ideology disguised as a ""peaceful religion""."	1	0	0
its total horse shit, but then again, most gamer males are pussybegging betas to be honest. it is dissapointing, but not too surprising. The fact that they have to bribe females to play video games says everything i need to know.	1	0	1
Look at the Philipines, Indonesia, and Africa. Beautiful places full of resources that are unused and places which are poorly maintained due to non-whites running things. An Aryan Indonesia looks appealing as fuck. A neo-Manifest Destiny would do wonders, albeit far-fetched.	1	0	1
Yup.  I'd like to see how smashed up this collection box gets overnight while hooligans loot.  Braindead liberals are way more dangerous than weapons of any kind.	1	0	0
"Key point here. Dictionary definition of Racism. None of this, ""You're racist because you turned down a date from ablack/indian/asian person."" Reminds me of when ""Stereo-typing"" became the big no-no. "	1	0	0
Nobody is talking about “Eliminating”  But yes, the end goal is to separate the races so they Govern themselves respectfully.  Multiracial is unnatural and degenerate And the conflicts and tension that come with it is inevitable.	1	0	0
I was just responding to your point that people will listen but they may call you a fag...I said it in jest. No harm ment.	1	0	1
This violent, leftist POS had better be investigated for threats against POTUS. 	1	0	0
It doesn’t matter if you oppose shooting up a synagogue; if you’re a Republican, you’re still a Nazi to them. 	1	0	0
Absolutely as we have been preaching for a v long time. The Marxists are the most critical threat because they provide cover for the jihadi vermin.	1	0	0
What about them?  Want to post specifics and examples of artful crusading by the left to solve non-problems with Republicans that are roughly half as dirty as at least one Democrat president? (as though the vast majority of our top level politicians are clean or something)	1	0	0
The entire social justice/aggrotolerance/equalism movement is a revolt by the ugly and freakish against the beautiful and normal. The ideology has no morality nor purpose and exists only to substantiate in political radicalization the aggrieved spitefulness of life’s losers. -Heartiste	1	0	0
What’s good for Israel is good for the US. They hate the Palestinians, and they will gun them down as yesterday showed. The US should do the same thing. Their lesson is instructive.  The US has black lives matter… Which is the complete opposite of the truth. Frankly, There are very few black people, that can live side-by-side a white culture. They can’t compete with us, so they become criminals. 	1	0	0
Nigerian anchor baby looking for his very own slave.	1	0	1
No she got fat eating eating the Liberal shit	1	0	1
Arabs and Zionists are playing the race card in the west both are victims of each other, coming to a village and town near you very soon	1	0	0
I was speaking about the shitty Germans who came to ruin my nation.  The US would have been better off with no Germans or Jews, that is indisputable.    Germans and Jews are both rats and destroyers of the White race.	1	0	1
This whole story is so absurd. None of these animals should be in the USA in the first place, and their anchor babies shouldn't be citizens. We don't just need to repeal birthright citizenship, we need to have a way of stripping citizenship from the spawn of foreign nationals.	1	0	1
These filthy bastards are all connected. One begins to understand the impetus for total purges.	0	1	0
Rape is always 90% YOUR fault if you're an innocent little girl or a woman according to evil Islam.  	1	0	1
#FailedStrategy Facts: Florida has a fairly high number of former Cubans who fled communism, and plenty of businesses Their failing strategy: nominate a socialist. Raise corporate taxes. They fail to realize that Cubans that fled communism know bull shit when they hear it, and money is rather fluid, following the path of least resistance. Result: Cuban Americans turn out bigly for the mid-...	1	0	0
Democrats do love their Plantations, they always have.  KKK   	1	0	0
OMG!  No need to even discuss -- kick his ass off before he messes up everything for the rest of us.	0	1	1
"I've noticed that too. Whenever I see a white guy with a black girl I think ""Dude, you use a prostitute and send her back to her pimp, they aren't rent to own"""	1	0	0
"""The #UN an anti-American anti-Christian org that has always been run by totalitarians is now targeting media outlets that R exposing the truth abt invasion of Muslim migrants & the terror crimes & violence they bring with them"" http://www.dcclothesline.com/2018/07/31/un-targets-media-outlets-that-speak-the-truth-about-muslim-migrants/"	1	0	0
Nuke 'em 'till they glow and use them for runway lights.	0	1	0
the Left resents supporting those who can't take care of themselves. The Right resents supporting those who can take care of themselves.	1	0	0
A black actor plays a GOOD role model on TV for half a decade. No rap, no crap, plays a dedicated father, husband and doctor. Works hard. That doesn't sell, honesty and integrity don't make a black man famous these days. But he keeps his head up and takes some good, honest, hard work while in his 50s, workong at a grocery store. No welfare check. Work. Two lesbians see him, snap his picture withou...	1	0	0
Loving all the triggered Nazis coming at me right now! Eat some falafel you small schnitzel loving weiners and calm your low IQ white selves down. You adhd kids forgot to take your riddlin 🤣	1	0	1
Given the opportunity, I would be tempted to corner, subdue and ass-rape Brian Kilmeade.	0	1	1
Be me at work. 	1	0	1
Glenn Beck is a buffoon........ Do you know, Beck was still dissing Trump....even after the nominations.....when it was a choice between only Hillary and Trump... 	1	0	0
It's amazing how niggers cry about underpaid teachers and fast food workers yet never cry about overpaid Nigger athletes. Not a wise choice of meme here but it is a dumb Nigger.	1	0	1
“I know your works, tribulation, and poverty (but you are rich); and I know the blasphemy of those who say they are Jews and are not, but are a synagogue of Satan. Revelation 2:9 	1	0	1
He’s a jewy jew - you can tell by the way they flail about when they are caught.  	1	0	0
Faggot. https://archive.fo/Kb0YP#selection-457.0-1061.1	1	0	1
Tommy Robinson’s arrest for ‘breach of the peace’ proves the UK is a dystopian fascist state. The UK political class demands the silence of all dissent of their failed experiment with mass immigration and enforced tolerance of Islam. #FreeTommy	1	0	0
Human beings use pattern recognition in order to simplify and solve complex problems. When humans with above average intelligence, such as yourself imo, embrace tribal hatred of an entire race it is typically the result of pattern recognition combined with a temporary lapse in critical thinking. 	1	0	0
Both Dems & Repubs claim to be against problems they create and then campaign against.  435 congressmen and 100 senators rule 340 million citizens and spend all their time convincing us problems they created are not their fault.  Both parties are deceitful and liars!  Vote them out. #SpeakFreely	1	0	0
Heil Hitler. 	1	0	0
i think u mean another nigger	1	0	1
Popular leftist terms that do not exist: - Toxic Masculinity - Patriarchy - White Privilege No matter how long the gender studies majors at McDonald's try to push this propaganda we must push back with facts #politics	1	0	0
JEWS ARE NOT JEWS 	1	0	1
Left: What CNN puts in the headline, knowing most people don't actually read the article.	1	0	0
Sign this petition to get islam out of U.S. schools! https://www.thecounterresistance.com/stop/ #STOPislam #TOHELLWITHsharia	1	0	0
"According to the alleged psychic ""St."" Malachi, this commie cunt is the last poop. Gawd, do I hope he was right."	1	0	1
Because Bond is a White, Aristocratic European man, no matter how good of an actor Elba is he'd never be able to pull of the role with believability-	1	0	0
I say if these pieces of shit Republicans don't confirm kavanaugh, we should all vote Democrat so we can get the civil war started before we get any weaker.	1	0	1
I completely support the NFL banning cheerleaders. WHY? You aren’t a feminist, a rabid SJW!? Because I hate what niggerball does to white people, and banning cheerleaders maybe the final straw!	1	0	0
Since the end of WW2 the literary world has slowly turned the pro-White, European, hetrosexual protagonist into a total faggot SJW, virtue signaling, multicultural idiot. 	1	0	1
is this guy retarded  fucking hell /bant/ you're better than this	1	0	1
battle of ideologies never let anyone steam roll you for what you believe people say the left will never punch left well that is why they have trannies and fags and degeneracy the idea of never punch right is stupid because you make degeneracy feel like its home.  THE WEAK SHALL FEAR THE STRONG	1	0	1
Hey mahn and mahnettes may I've all the hits/contracts put out on myself retracted pls+thx as payment for entertainment as never seen b4 on Earth ha! My bro almost fought Carlos monzon 4world tittle woops title n refused to take dive n me dad bought off the hit for $3000 which was lots o shekels back then. My bro was Billy the kid outa Miami. I almost turned pro outa seaside gym Long Beach where Mike Weaver started out n came back to say hey tahhis trainer Slim after knocking big John Tate's dick in the dirt w one big hook. Mike drove up in new Corvette w plate;,: Won in 13. Mob connected managers trainers get their genetic jews parasite fangs in prizefighters who prove themselves n Slim a skinny blk man was Mikey's first n best trainer n got jack ssheit for it mayhe rip. Raise me up into office n we will stomp that mobster shit as greasing the road with leftovers using loaded not with coke as is this prez but w big-rigs//packages? Haha Hardy Hardie shesay ha ha do me do me truly of age girlyGirlz😀🤗🤔	1	0	0
Who gives a shit about some BABY DICK SUCKING POS JEWS? I don't.	1	0	1
They couldn't pick more screetching, ugly looking children who nobody can can relate to if they tried. Looks like almost 100% mulatto.	1	0	0
Holy shit, the man who shouted 'Shut the fuck up, you fucking loudmouthed monkey motherfucker,I can’t listen to your fucking black ass no more' to loudmouthed negress charged with felony hate crime. Burn it all down, US is fucked beyond repair https://nypost.com/2018/05/24/lirr-rider-charged-w...	1	0	1
My entire'English Class'was about how to convince #Trump to have mercy on illegal immigrants who carry drugs    Allow open borders    Stop building a wall    Allow EVERY illegal to stay   &   Disband Border Patrol    College is a collective group-think w/loser teachers who think they're god   #Gab #GabFam #MAGA	1	0	0
Stupid Cunts, maybe they should go to Iran and try to interview the woman being held in prison for daring to take her face cover off.	1	0	1
Hey Puerto Rico, take some fucking responsibility! I get that mother nature buttfucked you, but it's past time to move on.  Stop blaming Trump and get off your ass. Get YOUR politicians to move their asses!  https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/09/20/us/puerto-rico-hurricane-maria-housing.html	1	0	1
Poverty has a Black face in it...the idea of White poverty just doesn't fit into anyone's mind....in fact...talking about relieving White poverty or improving White conditions is mocked and ridiculed....Whites are disrespected when poor...	1	0	0
Get to the back of the bus! WE!!!!!! #MakingAmericaWHITEAgain	1	0	1
We have to get some well known big fishes on Gab if we are ever going to surpass 5 million or more members. 	1	0	0
"WTF--""intellectual deficiencies""--they're ALL fucking stupid. "	1	0	1
They deserve euthanasia. Like those who worship jews.	1	0	1
Do you need evidence that Progressives are intellectually superior to the rest of us?Here you go:  'Front Hole'	1	0	0
"You: ""Afrikaner are white. they do not count for anything."" Racist. If they do not count lets kill 'em all, no? You are a racist advocate of white genocide. "	1	0	0
I will support any legislation or politician that will ban tranny dragons. 	1	0	0
Well if this does not encourage Whites to live in segregated communities ...... what will?	1	0	0
and some people still wonder why so many people hate him, specially those ugly ass feminists	1	0	1
What how quick Mexico shuts down the MS-13 rat line, of course this will have no effect on their drug smuggling operations. You really don't think the Mexican Gov. isn't knee deep in bed with the drug dealers do ya ?  https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/white-house/trump-to-cut-foreign-aid-for-countries-that-send-illegal-immigrants	1	0	0
Sarkozy is a Jew. He deserves a lamp post as well.	1	0	0
The UK: 	1	0	0
that's because the fucking kikes own Big Pharm but haven't found a way to control pot...yet. Once they do, pot will become a commodity for rich folks only. They will put GMO shit into our weed that makes us even bigger lemmings	1	0	1
So Macron wants to merge Africa with Europe and bring in millions and millions of Africans. Meanwhile mosques are popping up like mushrooms and Turkish gangs are roving Europe controlling the streets. 	1	1	0
nobody expects shit from women in this rotten society.	1	0	1
Today I was called scum because I didn't let a lefty use the 'have sympathy for other people' card as a valid argument. Not sorry that your feelings and guilt trip is enough to persuade me I'm wrong. Call out the liberal 'sympathy' card: 2pt each	1	0	0
It's called a front hole now you degenerate freak. They can't even get their own made up terms right.	1	0	1
You again?!  A hundred thousand cocks up your mother fucking mother's mother fucking kunt, motherfucker!  Fuck you!	1	0	1
There are “Americans” trying to derail peace with North Korea. There’s a word for them: traitors.	1	0	0
There are traitors in Both parties. The Democrats are the drug pushers out in the open. DJT is neither is why he won. Doesn't matter to me Democrat or Republican traitors. Hang them.	0	1	0
https://www.haaretz.com/world-news/jewish-leaders-meet-pope-50-years-on-from-nostra-aetate-1.5447259 The pope isn’t Christian, nor Catholic. He’s Christian-Hindu. “Tolerance! Love! Gays are ok! We must accept them!”. That’s not Christian. That’s Dharma.	1	0	0
Lecturers are told to attend workshops to 'understand their white privilege' and examine how their 'whiteness' makes them unwittingly racist http://ow.ly/IzUy30iT5ut	1	0	0
RED ICE TV Proof That Liberalism Is A Cult - Amazing Polly This is worth watching. https://youtu.be/FzdhANrkqkw	1	0	0
https://www.jihadwatch.org/2017/05/leaders-of-britain-first-arrested-over-muslim-teen-rape-campaign  check out the TRUTH! Tell me does something smell funny here? This is a fucking dirty lie by Muslim mother fuckers. Really before you post, check the sources and use your common sense.	1	0	1
I MAY HAVE NIGHTMARES FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE AFTER SEEING THIS YOUTUBE CHANNEL.... 	1	0	1
Any honest Jewish person should be able to admit the truth, if they're honest.  Anywhere across time and space in the Western world their people have gained a majority of power has rapidly descended into chaos and turned into a shithole country.  Again, any honest Jewish person should at least admit that truth.	1	0	1
And even though Beyonce is touted as a strong black women, she tries her hardest to look just like that.	1	0	0
Thanks John for the hell hole you made of ohio...bedbug epidemic (cant be reversed)..undrinkable water..Somali/muslims spreading desease..3rd world roads...more people on food stamps than people who work (called an upside down state) spent half a million dollars of Ohio State Troopers for your presidential security Did you pay that back yet?????	1	0	0
Vile woman. The only people with her are mentally distrubed.	1	0	0
How come 'identitarians' or 'racialists' are never doing #ProLife activism? 	1	0	0
I know Germany is batshit crazy right now, but it really isn't the nation to fuck with considering they have started all the world wars in history, just saying muslims you might want to tone down your rhetoric.	1	0	1
Well, yea, but they also believe the greeks were israelites ...  	1	0	0
But posted photos of beaten & raped white girls done by Muslims is A-OK.  Those girls shoulda been watchin out better..	1	0	0
You disrespectful little piece of shit. I saw the interview with Patrick Little and it was absolutely DISGUSTING. You behaved like a typical disgusting kike. Same disgusting mentality. Those soy boys were even worse. This is why Europe purged themselves of these vile creatures over 1030 times. Piss off into obscurity with the jews you little piece of shit	1	0	1
I've seen that 'thing' before mate, and every time I see it I just soooo want to slap the living snot out of it.	1	0	0
@PoliticsGhost‍ How the fuck can you stand up for Trump when you have no legs?	1	0	1
She is one ugly bitter old Jew.  She shouldn't be judging pies at a county fair.	1	0	0
Where you will be going, It is too toasty for a fat girl. I don't give a 💩about you, or the Emmies, the Oscars, Holly Weird, NFL players or hypocritical criminal Demon Craps. 	1	0	1
Christmas is canceled in Nazareth because a Muslim mayor is being a petty piece of scum. https://www.dangerous.com/38967/nazareths-muslim-m...	1	0	1
https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/midlands-news/teen-sex-slave-raped-nine-14428485   Lets guess who who the perpetrators are......NO SHIT SHERLOCK, it was the muslims “again”	1	0	1
Democrats literally attack Republicans Democrats are represented by dummies like Ocasio-Cortez & Nutty Nancy Democrats might chase you with a mob Don't be like evil Democrats	1	0	0
Women. 	1	0	0
Bullshit Mohanada!!  Canada: In acquitting Muslim accused of multiple sexual assaults, judge cites his “different cultural background” https://www.jihadwatch.org/2018/07/canada-in-acquitting-muslim-accused-of-multiple-sexual-assaults-judge-cites-his-different-cultural-background	1	0	1
When you actually  talk to a Muslim it is scary how brainwashed they are. They believe all the bullshit and have a funny look in their eyes like they aren't quite the ticket.	1	0	0
DONT FUCKING VOTE! 	1	0	0
Hinduism?	1	0	0
I endorse that nigger #Oprah2020 as the 2020 Democratic Presidential Nominee. Let's make sure that party gets blacker and browner until there are no more white Democrats. Whatever we can do to make 2020 a highly racial election is good for us on the #AltRight 	1	0	0
Everything on /popular is in Portuguese now! Build that Wall!	1	0	0
@shawnsjames @BillCosby Of course not, Bill Cosby came under attack for calling out pathological deviant behavior amoung the Afro American Negro, this a sin in the eyes of white liberals no one is allowed to attack their cash cow, deviant Negoes	1	0	0
"These people hate you, they want you dead, and they will work tirelessly to obtain this outcome. """	1	0	0
Add this to your arsenal. Make popcorn. Post it on social media. Watch liberal heads explode. Rejoice. | #RedNationRising	1	0	0
Specifically, it's a decentralized, fatwa-based religion of conversion by force, which seeks to eradicate rival religions. The cultural overlap with Islam is not an accident. https://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2018/08/p...	1	0	0
it slays me every day this goes on that the white hate-whitey groups, who even go out of their way to adopt black children to show their un-racistness... have no protest, nothing to say about this extreme racism.  KKK hasn't gouged eyes, butchered elderly, tortured people like these blacks do	1	0	0
looks like 12 in Methico what a surprise, sickening mexicans should all be euthanized	1	0	0
Chuck Schumer (chuckie scummie) lies about border policy.   https://youtu.be/oBL0HD7hUjc	1	0	0
This one just has the classic penis face with beady eyes.  	1	0	0
Worked at this school for one year. I have nothing nice to say about these colleagues, except he smiled and laughed like the fat Nigerian he is.https://thefederalist.com/2018/08/07/emails-reveal...	1	0	0
Uhh, Billy.. that doesn’t make me feel any better about our future. The whites in all those places are wiped out now due to the brown horde.	1	0	0
This bullshit about 'private companies can do what they want'? Bake that cake, hypocrite. Cater that gay wedding, H8R, even if you don't cater ANYONE who doesn't walk through the door. (Unless you're Muslim, of course.) I wish to hell the Left would settle on which set of rules is going to be used.	1	0	1
Agree.  The children do not get the benefits unless people go over with food and feed them.  Otherwise the corrupt gov get the money and the food sits and rots because it costs to deliver to all the areas where needed.	1	0	0
Lol...Not so fast hustler, no muzzies need to be in Germany, or for that fact all of the West. Get to steppin Ahmed.	1	0	0
I'm not calling you names either. You're a bitch. Biologically you have more estrogen than me, and are stupider than me, and have a vagina. 	1	0	1
All liberals are a plague but White liberals are a special kinda plague	1	0	0
A white person with down syndrome is worth more than any nigger!	1	0	1
Yes. Pious anti-racist Americans love niggers. Quiet niggers who are polite and work for a living. They don’t like loud lecturing niggers who don’t know their place. Loud-mouth niggers push people right. Loudmouth WNs make normies feel comfy being to the right of trump. They feel more in the middle	1	0	0
Here's my litmus test for the next SCOTUS justice... 	1	0	0
I was in high school when Columbine happened. You know what we did after? Wore trench coats because we were teens and thought it was edgy and funny to do so. You know what we didn't do? Demand changes to national policy based on an isolated event to make us feel better. These kids are straight up herbs and pussies.	1	0	0
There is no such thing as  gender-neutral. It is either a man or a woman there is no in between. The rest is queerism.	1	0	0
Well done. Avoid Halal like the plague.	1	0	0
I can say nigger if I want too! I am not a Libtard, who thinks that it is wrong.  As long as I am paying taxes to support those lazy fucking niggers, then that's exactly what I will call them. 	1	0	1
Jesus was a Jew, you inbred fucktard	1	0	1
Those urban intellectuals have quite a sophisticated vocabulary compared to us simple rural and suburban retards ;)	1	0	1
Lesson, be careful what you wish for. Specially if you are an idiot. Never could figure out how people with such a better work ethic come from such shit hole countries? They are like Superman. Get near their home countries & they become worthless, but super worker here? Strange how that happens. Like Work kryptonite	1	0	1
Sooo... you're blaming their censorship on their unfamiliarity of American culture. Bullshit. Haven't you seen pictures of the people that work for these companies? Stick around Gab long enough and you will (they're caught in undercover videos, they post group photos on Twitter, etc) - these guys aren't Iraqis or Hispanics. Most of them look like the white people they claim to hate. Stop bullshitt...	1	0	0
At least he's not a nigger.	1	0	1
"""Ze boobs of yours... Zey need more perkiness."""	1	0	0
I'd read only books by women, but I don't think a literary diet consisting of romance/rape novels, flawed sociology texts and makeup articles is healthy.	1	0	0
by kids I mean    kinky   inbred   dirty   sluts	1	0	1
Just more money we have to spend on these degenerate abominations.  Let nature take it's course.  https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/study-finds-health-risks-transgender-women-hormone-therapy-n890031	1	0	1
To the human Catholic clergy You damn fools to allow this to happen Homosexuals The smoke of Satan Misanthrope	1	0	0
"really? THEN WHY did GOD say to the JEWS ""ye are of your father THE DEVIL and the will of your father YE WILL DO. He was a murderer from the beginning and NO TRUTH is found in him"" "	1	0	1
Damn racist Republicans.......	1	0	0
whoppi  IS VERY DISTURBED EVIL FAT UGLY YELLOW MEAT SKANK 	1	0	1
talking about the Pakistani?  I have a friend from India who says they can never be trusted 	1	0	0
BRINGING IN A TOTALITARIAN EVIL RULE TO DOMINATE THE POPULATION 'FOR' CRIMINAL POLITICIANS, ROYALTY, GLOBALISTS & WEALTHY LUCIFERIAN,S.... PEDOPHILES WHO SACRIFICE CHILDREN FOR A HOBBY!!  SAME-SAME!	1	0	0
Just like niggers & kikes to hold up White peoples beheaded heads to make a vile statement of hate toward us, when will we get sick of the BS & start to take back what is rightfully ours, our invitations, our lands, our freedoms, and most importantly, our dignity from these low life good for nothing fools? I'm sick of these 3rd world idiots taking advantage of us.	1	0	1
Thank you President Trump for earning global respect for the USA. Those shit-hole countries realize now that we are not to be fucked with.  As for you “do-gooder” idiots that keep going overseas to live in these dangerous Countries - get your asses back to the safety and security of the USA. Our tax money does not need to pay for rescue missions of the stupid!	1	0	1
https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2018/08/the-real-les...  This kind of pathological altruism is what the 'left' appears to be all about at the moment. It's vain, stupid, and is against the rule of law. #immigration #deportation #Islam #news	1	0	0
These idiots are funding their own demise #Paristan is burning	1	0	0
Well, Thank Merkel !  Kill All Muslims !	0	1	1
Muslim scumbags created a false narrative in an attempt to undermine our democracy, an act of pure sedition requiring a charge of treason but the shit skin Muslim scumbag community fears a backlash, it's called seeking justice you low IQ mildly retarded terrorist scum, justice in the form of charges, imprisonment or deportation.	1	0	1
20 years ago Prof. Sowell pointed out in his book on the subject, no matter how often the Left's policies backfire and hurt people, the Left are never held accountable, so no-one learns to spot that Leftism is cancer.	1	0	0
Monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey 🐵🐒🦍 Just saying it before my Google keyboard won't let my white fingers type it out anymore.  ***UNAUTHORIZED WORD SEQUENCE*** YOU DO NOT HAVE THE CORRECT DNA PATTERN TO USE THIS WORD. PLEASE TRY A DIFFERENT WORD. CONTINUED ATTEMPTS TO USE UNAUTHORIZED WORDS MAY RESULT IN THE SUSPENSION OF YOUR DATA PRIVILEGES.	1	0	0
Via @VDARE‍, article on how the death penalty improved the European gene pool by removing the most violent and least religious young men: https://www.vdare.com/articles/death-penalty	1	1	0
How am I lying? The Israeli lawless courts are leftist Kritocracies and are working with the UN. Unable to fully block the law in Israel, they are working to ensure that the US and Eurabia are more hostile to Israel and Jews get cleansed	1	0	0
https://youtu.be/SMdBxo3FEJw  	1	0	0
People need to be proud of themselves and their country and identity. Strength is only possible if you are not made to lower your head. UK and USA are not alone in this destruction of self worth, these leftists do it to all, least of all India. #BritFam #Brexit	1	0	0
Voting Democrat should lead to that person having their guns removed immediately These people are way too high risk to own weapons, Voting democrat should be classed, As having a dangerous mental illness !	1	0	0
I want to hear more about you plans to stop the Jews from infiltrating and turning it into another based fags and muh wife’s black son sort of thing. 	1	0	1
WAKE UP YOU PIECES OF FETID EAST COAST TRASH AND EXPERIENCE THE JOY OF WAGESLAVING FOR ANOTHER LONG WEEK FULL OF HOPELESSNESS AND GRIM PROSPECTS	1	0	1
@ironwand‍  Guardian journalist  Daniel José Camacho spews anti-white hatred after Super  Bowl. (Guardianista nonwhite journalists openly now show their anti-white racism )	1	0	0
Is there anything whites AREN'T better at? Anything we take from blacks is improved by us.	1	0	0
Duh Kikebart sucks too but they do post news headlines that I comment on it. If you don’t like my posts then fucking mute me and go back to TRS with Jews who pose as white claiming to be Nazi’s. 🙄	1	0	1
Evil  leftist pieces of shit have ruined my country, the government, judiciary, police, even the fucking screws are arse kissing the Muslims, the place is finished. 	1	0	1
#brexit #un #eu #bbcnews #cnn #bjp #pappu #modi #india #wapo #nyt #foxnews #guardian #australia #canada #trump 	1	0	1
Revelation 2:9 - I know thy works, and tribulation, and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.	1	0	0
For every side, they ( feminists and communists, Trotskyists) want to show the paedophilia is an ill not a crime and turn sex with kids a sexual option. misinformation like this text is just part of the plan.For me, fire is fire	1	0	0
This is a reminder that the 'white extinction anxiety' article means that progressives are banking and planning on your childrens persecution.	1	0	0
The only refugees we should accept on the US Mainland are those who have a skill or trade that will allow them to succeed in USA. all others should be placed on abandoned Islands til they can be returned to their homeland. No more Moslems at all they aren't worth the risk to our women and children.	1	0	1
I find it sad to watch Black people being handled by the modern KKK Democrats. They are being primed by Antifa to fight against White conservatives who fought for their freedom and desegregation. Racist Blacks now want segregation. It boggles the mind.. 	1	0	0
It's OK, I just found out - 'He's a literal civic nationalist who says white identity doesn't exist'. What a pathetic cuck! He's got a weak, cucky voice too - African jizz coated larynx.	1	0	1
Pope on migrants: “We must move from considering others as threats to our comfort to valuing them as persons”	1	0	0
We don't want to be. We are going to turn into Europe. In my time I have never seen a less Canadian minded government. So worried about pleasing the globalist pigs, so worried about enforcing the Paris accord as a method of wealth distribution. So worried about meeting some imaginary quota for immigration while serving up our country on a platter to them.	1	0	1
Classic example of white conservative normies always taking a knife to a gun fight. They don't understand the nature of the fight they are fighting.	1	0	0
"""Everyone's responsibility?"" Socialism talk. I assume most men are pro choice. Women just trick men and he has no say. Most humans are dumb animals "	1	0	1
Funny how only Jews commit justified murder.......they can kill, kill, kill anyone whom disagrees with their commie ideals. 	1	0	1
Deluded low IQ welfare sucking scum. 	1	0	1
"Google image : "" mélissa theuriau jamel debbouze "" "	1	0	0
This is why #Muslims haven't contributed anything to the world in 1400 years.	1	0	0
They are REALLY stupid because there will be a tsunami of public outrage against these sociopathic fools and THEY WILL BE SWEPT AWAY.	1	0	0
Every mental illness when persecuted tend to go in hiding mode we are currently in the incubating stage of the this mental illness going viral since less people think it necessary to prevent such mental illness it slowly going viral. 	1	0	0
'Hundreds confess to eating human flesh in South Africa'.    What a delightful culture, the end of apartheid was truly enlightening...   https://nypost.com/2017/08/22/hundreds-confess-to-...	1	0	0
Pro-America is pro-White. Nonwhites are not American and only want to destroy America. You can't be pro-America unless you're pro-White. That's what we need to pound into the heads of these worthless cucks.	1	0	1
Man, this delusion neckbeard has a wife who doesn't have a forehead...That cone skull ranks at least a tenhead.  Geez.https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/7148589/inside-churc...	1	0	0
"HE'S ""BLACK WHEN CONVENIENT"", like Tiger Woods. When it will gain them sympathy or popularity, suddenly they're ""down with the brothas!!"". It's pathetic!!"	1	0	0
The Horrific A friend and former business partner who also is a retired policeman sent this along to me today. It describes a case he had, which was the wreckage left behind by one homosexual priest. Predators. Gay predators. Which sounds like a joke. But as my friend knows better than anyone, it most certainly is not:	1	0	0
#WhitePrivilege is a myth created by Jews to distract from #JewishPrivilege	1	0	0
you racist, it's my celebratory black history month avatar, im gwine to get MUH WEAVE LATA LOL	1	0	0
Boris vs the Burqa. The UK is starting to have their Trump movement. Interesting line: the “liberal democrat” model...is really just communism without the secret police, the bread queues and gulags. https://www.breitbart.com/london/2018/08/12/boris-...	1	0	0
STFU dirty kike, I make the rules	1	0	1
The fact is, blacks were perfectly happy with their culture and accomplishments. If we think it's shitty, oh well. It is liberal authoritarians who tell blacks that they can and should live up to white standards. It is progressives who destroyed black communities with desegregation, took away their leaders with affirmative action, and put 25% in prison.	1	0	0
Yet, you hate America and Americans, Whites, and Conservatives. This mothufucka is a Prime example of who should NOT be allowed Fire Arms of Any sort....	1	0	0
Turf this dumb ass douche bag from the bench!  	1	0	1
jews: 'Let's cut their funding! Filthy goyim! HAHAHA! DIE! DIE! DIE!' *Autistic shrieking* also jews: 'NOOO! Save us! They are going to attack us!' *Hides knives behind back* https://www.jpost.com/Israel-News/IDF-concerned-fu...	1	0	0
They're not immigrants or migrants, they're invaders.	1	0	0
Good little doggie ... or is she a Jew?	1	0	1
bingo. Shitskins will not only shoot you, they will enjoy it.	1	0	0
Common sense like this only applies to people that have common sense.  You can see why the facist don't get it.	1	0	0
We have to give up our guns and tear up the Constitution because some bald brown lesbian bullied an autistic kid until he went postal.	1	0	0
The Liberal Dems are murderous scum.	1	0	0
His country is a pussyfied soon to be moslem shithole.	1	0	1
Hahahahaha threatening us with a scrawny AIDS infested nigger with a shitty knife cutting up a baby chicken? 😂😂😂😂 	1	0	1
Just read a report about two male homosexuals adopting a young girl. That little girl will never know the tender comfort and feminine love of a mother. Parent teachers nights to introduce her two dads. Run in and get into bed with dad and dad! And people are trying to tell me this is ok! Maybe it’s me who is not normal!	1	0	1
James Vandercock gets groped by old jewish fag. Absolutely nobody is surprised at all. Jewish grope-gate is exploding all over everyones face. Giving a whole new meaning to the term 'mikvah'   http://www.indiewire.com/2017/10/james-van-der-bee...	1	0	0
Why are Aussies so interested in why Americans are correct and open about the moslem death cult of is-scum...	1	0	0
Just looked over at Twitter every Hashtag is about McCain and one about that other loser Ted Kennedy the Chappaquiddick Killer SAD	1	0	0
If this Muslim rapist & murderer can carry a rifle, why shouldn't we? https://www.amazon.com/Tales-Havoc-K-J-Gillispie/dp/1683480236/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1526554949&sr=8-1&keywords=tales+of+havoc+volume+1	1	0	0
I agree I will support gay marriage when a man can give birth to a child without intervention or manipulation by humans... In the meanwhile any form of gay relationship is disgusting and sickening	1	0	1
Muslims prefer fucking goats and Jews prefer sucking on baby dicks.  	1	0	1
Americans wouldn't make a statement like this, realizing the crime against Iranian people by CIA 1953 resulted in deposing the brother of the man (((they))) installed as leader, in 1979. This fuckbot has no earthly reason to desire to see the nation the US shall be destroyed for attacking, Iran, being attacked UNLESS this account belongs to a kike operating mind control in America.	1	0	0
Just don't be A White democrat and all will be fine.	1	0	0
At a time when young men need to be heard and acknowledged, new regressive liberal morays, the schools, busy parents all shut them down, ignore them and other kids are assholes to them. THIS is what creates school shooters. Let boys be boys! Let them feel their testosterone and fight it out for power. Biology and Mother Nature know best.	1	0	0
This is what will happen if the left takes control! #QAnon #QArmy #Q #RedWave  #RedTsunami #BlueWave #DrainTheDeepState #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #WalkAway   Nancy Pelosi laughs at & mocks coal power, then crows “with all due respect to West Virginia” https://t.co/EJZ9vtnZmN	1	0	0
White blood stays white no matter where it went to school. You envious heeb.	1	0	0
Damn Negro just cant keep it in his pants...  'Serial flasher' arrested for 12th time, authorities say  http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/05/02/serial-flasher-arrested-for-12th-time-authorities-say.html	1	0	1
If CNN were a woman, I'd be getting that bitch some hospice	1	0	0
Only a racist looks at a monkey & thinks ‘black people.’ 🐵	1	0	0
That's always their answer to all their problems in Africa, kill pple. I have yet to hear another response. It's just kill pple. How is that civilized? It isn't.	1	0	0
Hunted online like an animal... peak faggotry.	1	0	1
So your a McCain supporter is see that makes you a Liberal Democrat .	1	0	0
They worship themselves and their shoah myths. Sadly taxpayers pay for their strange cult. Ditto with the Muslim pigs. 	1	0	1
I wonder if it was the shouting 'white pussies' while hitting them with golf clubs and crowbars that tipped to the police off to a 'hate crime' 	1	0	1
Once you allow Islam in it starts spreading fast like a disease.	1	0	0
The new movie, FIRST MAN, is about USA'S moon landing. BUT, these Hollywood faggots left out the US Flag. So, who landed there? El Salvador? Belgium? They left the flag out to sideswipe POTUS. Patriots won't go to this POS movie. The pic below should have a US Flag behind him. Not there. Fuck you, Hollywood. U must want Trump to go after U? Ask CNN how that worked.	1	0	0
She is a globalist Sikh sellout war mongering makaka  pig.	1	0	0
niggers destroy everything they touch.	1	0	1
"Shitbags voted into office by ""We, the People"" are withholding information in their typical cavalier and condescending manner. "" Who we fuck on the taxpayers dime and the millions of taxpayers' dollars in settlements arising from our fuckfests is none of your fucking business!"""	1	0	1
Yes, even babies prefer their own race.  But actual hatred of white people requires careful indoctrination, such as is provided by all western media and schools.	1	0	0
Bunch of faggots puffs  and queers !	1	0	1
Why are Democrat women so ugly? Honestly, what a difference from Republican women. Anybody else agree?	1	0	0
This is Antifa, folks.  Filthy, degenerate communist subhumans.  Every single one.	1	0	0
GOTTA REMEMBER...THE LEFT IS INSANELY DESPERATE CAUSE THEY KNOW THEY'RE ON THE PRECIPICE OF GOING TO GITMO FOR TREASON...IT'S ALREADY IN MOTION...SO LET EM SCRAMBLE AND TALK SHIT...THEIR TIME IS LIMITED...LIKE THE DEVIL'S...	1	0	1
Why do you follow Jew hater Cantwell? Oh, don't tell me your friend Danny is Jewish. So was Soros. @LegendaryCollektor  https://web.archive.org/web/20180830165242/https:/...	1	0	0
I don't want a brown slave.	1	0	1
Donald Trump received much criticism for referring to Haiti, El Salvador and Africa as “shitholes”. He was simply speaking the truth. 	1	0	0
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/04/10/facebook-shares-soar-as-senators-fumble-tech-questions-to-zuckerberg/  Disgusting Jew. The real reason behind the #FacebookHearingsrevealed. Nice Facebook headquarters you got there Jew....would be a shame if...  ;^) 	1	0	0
Feminism is an ideology that is meant to play on emotions and feelings of women, so that they will separate themselves from men or be so wretched that no man will want the woman. It is a culture destroying ideology.	1	0	0
The fact that Cuomo the homo has granted felons the right to vote doesn't surprise me. He is actually an illegal alien liberal communist and is as low and corrupted as they come. 	1	0	0
she is getting too old to earn with her body so now she is trying to earn with her ass	1	0	1
Anybody else sick of online product launch videos with perky ukulele music?  So unoriginal. Makes me want to punt the brand manager in the happysack.	0	1	0
.Islamic Insanity & Muslim Madness In The Netherlands http://thewashingtonstandard.com/islamic-insanity-muslim-madness-in-the-netherlands/	1	0	0
If this was a Jew, the baby would've been given a Blowjob. Still deplorable as those people are monsters.	1	0	0
Wow I’m having a convo with someone and you jump in douche bag. Are you some highly paid coder or just a jerk off that likes to punch right.  Or maybe you’re a Jew. Never heard of you before. Mute me.	1	0	1
It doesn't matter that someone says the word nigger.	1	0	1
"""David Davidyan, professor at the American University of Armenia accuses all Jews in general and Israel in particular of anti-Armenian sentiments.""  Armenia admits to anti-Semitism: Israel declared the enemy of Armenians https://news.az/articles/world/128229"	1	0	0
Thank you President Trump! Each one of your accomplishments made liberals cry like the pussies they are. #MAGA	1	0	1
Always amazing when liberals refer to ethics and morals of which they have none	1	0	0
"Trump and his Zionist administration aren't going to do a damn thing about any of this. That's why the left-wing tech giants weren't afraid to make their move and start opening censoring right-wingers, because they have learned by now that Trump is ""all bark and no bite."" Trump is nothing but a paper tiger, which has only emboldened the leftist elites.﻿"	1	0	0
Buy more ammo, folks, because the IG report shows: 	1	0	0
"I have reached that stage in life when the next person that tries to tell me _Green Day_ is ""punk"" is gonna get a broken bottle in the eye. "	0	1	0
If one more damn Liberal media/Hollywood chickie tells me that I can't think for myself because I am a woman who voted for Trump, I will lose it.  I am a retired IT Professional with 3 degrees in Computer Science including an MS.  I will put my critical thinking skills up against theirs any day of any week.  SHEESH!	1	0	0
The USUAL BLACK MORONS FOR THEIR DEMOCRAT HANDLERS.	1	0	0
4chan can find a flag in the middle of nowhere. The FBI can't find a person posting on the internet under his own name. https://imgur.com/TtasOoG	1	0	0
now if we could only get a few jew heads on pikes that would be great.	0	1	1
I hope not because there are a lot of good people there. Also what happens to America if Muslims get their hand on the military might of Europe?	1	0	0
Of course it is better.  Unless you are poor, stupid and a typical Democratic voter.  Something we have enough of to have to worry about.  But it is not all demagoguery, the Fair Tax is a regressive consumption tax.  Feature, not a bug, but it does impact the poor if the economy does't zoom, which of course it would.	1	0	1
> A guy at my work hired a black woman and a pajeet woman instead of many more capable white men  	1	0	0
When, o when, is #israel going to sink into the Mediterranean? You have (((enemy organisms))) propping up an illegal state that was only supposed to be created by God. And we let them get away with this day after day. Where does it end-?	1	0	0
jew god a jew invention/hoax	1	0	0
"Now they are calling Kayne West ""The last rock star""... "	1	0	1
You know we have a three strikes and your out law, for our own citizen's. So why the frack isn't there one for these illegal invaders? Once again the DNC takes a position that in effect says. YOU the American Citizen are a second class citizen. YOUR interests and concerns are to be secondary to scumbags like the one in the story above.	1	0	1
NEW STRAT:  Prove the dems are the real racists.  	1	0	0
I knew he was legit a few years back when Glenn Beck was talking about how he (Assad) had reached out to him for an interview, but he declined because he didn't want to give a platform to a terrorist. More like he didn't want to humanize a regular mid eastern politician that would upset the carefully constructed Jewish narrative.	1	0	0
Lol you are so mad you can't even type. What a mentally ill curry nigger you are.	1	0	1
Take a bath, you smelly African. 	1	0	0
Damn that bitch is dumb.. with her pink hair, fucking Garth glasses and shitty old novelty guitar	1	0	1
"""Five more years before whites lose a majority"" - would only happen if the proposals take effect in 2027 and border enforcement actually happens, which it won't. Just look at all of the amnesties and immigration bills of the past. There is no teeth. So you'd give amnesty to a large number of people and set another bad precedent. We'd gain little or nothing."	1	0	0
#WWG1WGA #NEWS #POLITICS #POTUS #MAGA #GabFam Remember the 12, yes 12 women that came forward to accuse Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct? The left defended him and said that it didn't matter. Hypocrites at best! Time to sweep them out of office! #REDWAVE	1	0	0
"this idyllic national socialist life could of been for all of us in the West but no that was not what the kikes that be wanted for the west...this wonderful national socialist life went against their old kike disorder...they lied to those imbeciles in murica and UK imagining that they were fighting the ""enemy"" when the real enemy was that mass murdering kike Stalin....what a bunch of retards those alleged ""greatest"" generation were....look at us now on the verge of war and the degeneracy level is off the charts and everyday that goes by more and more hebe outrages continue.........a war is coming make no bones about it........we will win this time around and by the gods this will be the last generation of Aryans to deal with these vermin and parasites and their pet gorillas and retards"	1	0	1
My solution to school shootings:  Shoot every American student tomorrow. Problem solved.	0	1	0
I used to watch FOX all the time and Glenn Beck. I even named my dog Beck after him. Then I woked. They're all controlled or dense. You don't hear them questioning the Las Vegas false flag. I'm pretty sure that G.B. put down truthers in the past. 	1	0	0
Liberals always thinking gay. Faggots!	1	0	0
it says he is willing to respect other people's wishes no matter how fucking stupid they are, what does it say to you Donna?  	1	0	1
Moslems world wide do this, the TAKIYAH they use to excuse the perversion, they had to rape the corpse to ensure she could go to heaven! 	1	0	0
To those old enough to remember a time when homosexuality was still not considered normal, it is impossible NOT to see that these arguments are EXACTLY the same ones used then.   The basic liberal idea -- that because something exists it ought to be tolerated or even met with approval -- is fundamentally evil.	1	0	0
Satanism is closely related to Islam. Satanist believe that there is nothing anyone can do that is Evil, wrong, or bad. “If a man strike you upon one cheek, smash him on the other” 	1	0	0
"San Diego ""man"" who assaulted his wife with a chainsaw is an ILLEGAL ALIEN who's been deported 11 times. "	1	0	1
I've never seen the sense in the #swimsuitcompetition. If women are to be judged purely on looks, then it makes sense, but then why bother with asking them questions? Just to give the #MissAmerica gig some credibility? 	1	0	0
Lefties have no intelligence or they are lying pieces of excrement like you!	1	0	0
Also, the judge let the rapist off the hook!  Yes the judge did just that!  Because it is legal in Sharia Law to rape!   This is going on all across America & google is censoring the internet using Sharia Law! 	1	0	0
they say the alien nigger is about 10,000 years old. that does fit the timeframe for the aryan migration. mebbe they found the alien niggers and wiped them out. but could be slave too.	1	0	1
The muslims and their cousin jews are born perverts	1	0	0
Yeah, I get the first thing in the morning bit. BUT, you STILL can't back up your post. At least if you're going to shill for the kikes, have proof to back it up. Makes you much more credible and not like the antifa trolls. What say we just drop it?  Have a great white day!	1	0	0
Facebook employees are cephalopods ...  	1	0	0
Europe 🌻 v Africa 💩	1	0	0
Putting women on ships-start of the downfall of the USN. I'm tired of paying 1 trillion a year for a bunch of whores and druggies. Women are supposed to be good at cleaning, but I went to utbube -ships with women on them, filthy ships. 	1	0	1
"They keep telling us that ""not all Muslims are bad people"", But ALL Muslims do worship a child raping pedophile.   THEY  WORSHIP A  FUCKING PEDOPHILE !   "	1	0	1
Ever wonder why feds are so eager to infiltrate completely legal WN groups, frame and bust them on bogus charges while being more reluctant to go after the mob and Mexican drug cartels?  Because they understand the concept of risk and personal consequences.  They make money off busts, and go after the lowest hanging fruit.	1	0	0
Just about sums England up. The newly wed royal couple emerge from the church to the sound of a woman doing that Bedouin shrieking sound from the crowd. 	1	0	0
"Every gibbering retard that yaks about the merits of ""gaming women"" in response to our disastrous socio-sexual environment is only slightly more useful than the spree killer beta. "	1	0	1
Romney is remembered for the Obamacare prototype, for not fighting Gay Marriage, Speaking in front of Planned Parenthood, Being part of the Vulture Capital firm Bain, that destroyed companies and US Jobs with debt, and showing contempt for both the poor and the Deplorables.	1	0	0
John McCain hasn’t had a conversation with an American voter in ten years.  He doesn’t have a clue, nor does he care, what American citizens want.	1	0	0
In my teens, there was a spike in Wiccans in the town I grew up in. Hedonistic aesthetic precursors to the purple-haired 3rd wave feminists we mock today. Had to fight a court battle to save my own son from his mother, who had become one of them. She told him I was dead as she tried to raise him to be a submissive faggot. Gods favored me, and I have the boy now.	1	0	1
THE GERMANS ARE BEING OPPRESSED BY THESE JEWISH SUBVERSIVE POLICIES! THE GERMANS WERE NEVER ASKED IF THIS IS WHAT THEY WANTED, THEY WERE GUILTED INTO THIS NIGHTMARE BY TREACHEROUS JEWISH CON ARTISTS!	1	0	1
#WhiteFlight only abandons our cities to non-Whites. Cities constantly expanding here in N. America, chasing Whites further away and taking over politically. Entire sections of cities in UK, Europe now mozlem #NoGo zones. #Cucked PROGS want to enable this anarchy here. Time to #Purge this mindset and those who enable it.	1	0	0
Feminism is a toxic plague that should be removed 	1	0	1
you can take the nigger out of the jungle, but can't take the jungle out of the nigger!	1	0	1
Hammond strikes again complete and utter piece of shit  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5318441/Chancellors-stealth-grab-long-term-investments.html	1	0	0
rescued black slaves taken from Muslim merchant ship 	1	0	0
safe from police/usafe from niggers http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/01/01/blm-protests-baltimore-residents-blaming-murder-increase-lack-police/	1	0	1
I don't care what background, heritage, mental illness or skin color a person has, I've got no sympathy. I'm actually happy when the criminals decide to off themselves saves me time and money not being wasted. https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/sympathy-for-whi...	1	1	0
It's called 'condensation,' you idiot.  You know those beads of moisture that form on your glass of ice water during the summer heat or on your parents' foreheads when they are trying in vain to explain simple concepts to you but you just refuse to understand because you want to be special?  Same thing.  Go back to school.	1	0	0
Clearly, Jews have been a very spiritually sick people for a very long time....here, we learn from the Old Testament David won the daughter of King Saul by killing 200 Philistines and presenting the 200 foreskins to the King	1	0	1
Stop worrying about the Jews They don't want to kill you Worry about the Muslims They want to kill you	1	0	0
I CURSE YOUR NAME, JOHN KERR!!!! GODDAMN YOU STRAIGHT TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0	1	1
Germany? Whole of #EU and #UK is headed for #Sharia government at this rate. ....just like Saudi...Iran... rules of Democracy allow seats & councils to fall to Muslims one by one.	1	0	0
What will the UK & other European countries do in 5 or 10 yrs when disproportionate numbers of Muslims fail standardized entry exams 4 college, military, & gov jobs? 	1	0	0
@AdorableDeplorable7 @KetzerHexe @Xdpaul @diabaguette @bigsnout @PepeReagan @careyetta @Rorschach1 @docj @Magi    The left created a rabid dog name Antifa and turned it loose on the neighborhood.  And now... http://www.michaelfmartin.com/why-are-the-politici...	1	0	0
THE SINISTER CABAL BEHIND RACE-MIXING COMMERCIALS  Four Jewish owned mega corporations control the vast majority of all advertising agencies. The Omnicom Group of New York  WPP of London  Publicis of Paris and Interpublic of New York   https://europeansworldwide.wordpress.com/2018/06/27/the-sinister-cabal-behind-race-mixing-commercials/ 	1	0	0
WHY DID YOU VOTE DEMORAT  LMFAO	1	0	0
jews are always up to their dirty tricks... 	1	0	0
Oh, so you're a Christcuck who would rather venerate a kike than kill them.	1	0	0
Miscegenation -- like single mommery, extortionist child support, and volcuckoldry -- is a revolt against paternity certainty. Mudsharking severs the aesthetic connection between parent and child, reducing the resemblance of child to father and increasing uncertainty of the child's paternal provenance. 	1	0	0
@SurvivorMed I just muted this piece of shit jew, eat shit jew fuck, go back to sucking the blood out of childrens dicks, sick as fuck paedo jew filth	1	0	0
And people are still surprised i want homos and trannies and their coddlers in jail, it is precisely because they are all in rebellion against God. 	1	0	1
Exactly. Libertarianism is so pathetic, it's like controlled opposition for dummies.	1	0	1
New York cab driver shouting 'Allah' brutally beats man, 62, on his way to synagogue in the middle of the road in anti-Jewish hate crime   https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6276297/Livery-cab-driver-kept-shouting-Allah-beat-Brooklyn-Jewish-man-way-synagogue.html	1	0	0
Nah don’t worry DA I’m good. Being born and raised in Chicago I learned real fast how to take care of myself.  because a female regardless if they have a bf or husband has to be smart about her personal safety. I have no sympathy for those dumb bitches that fall as easy prey to some dumb nigger or spic	1	0	0
Nice to see someone just using the word #English and not this vile #British (slave).  It's time to call these lands the true name of the BLESSED #ISLES OF ALBION.	1	0	0
Oh my God! What a fucking concept. If all the Kikenvermin in the world moved to Israel and stayed there, and stopped (((manipulating))) other nations' currency, politics, and culture, eventually NO ONE WOULD HATE THEM ANY MORE!	1	0	0
those are anti values, In my opinion too, not good for any race or culture, I agree you have to call it out, but at the end of the day, if no one gets hurt or no one touches or teaches your kids, communism, homosexuality, transgenderism, or pedophilia, or racism, then you did your job as a parent, if not, then you have no one to blame but yourself,  chasing windmills	1	0	0
I think Democrats will take Trumps 1.8 offer then cuck us on the wall and legalize all 11 million in 2020. 	1	0	0
Go fuck yourself faggot. 	1	1	1
Thirteenth news journalist killed in Mexico this year. Now THAT'S something I'd like to see come here from Mexico.  #KillMostJournalists	1	0	0
Your pics aren’t triggering enough. How about I send pics of dead whites killed by shitskins. That’ll teach me.  You need to escalate.	1	0	1
Im sick of a young shitposters thinking they are political when they have no understanding of anything besides trying to trigger the libs. 	1	0	0
Who isn't now labeled racist now if white (unless your a virtue signaling cowering cuck) wear that shit like a badge of honor and pick up swastika and start boot stopping some nigger faggot commie face in.	1	0	1
I laugh everytime I see the video. Edgy, but hella funny 😂. Not offensive to me. No religion jokes are offensive to me. Are Jews really offended by this? Or just those powerful ones with top lawyers? 🤔 	1	0	0
The lying MkUltra slave psychopath who was led to take on USA and almost succeeded in destroying it completely.  LOCK THAT BITCH UP before she is found dead... 	1	0	1
"Evil is trying to shift the framework of your morality/culture such that white ""transgressions"" (buckshot, really) are ""hate speech"" which, under the perverted system that does not have US 2nd Amendment rights, might become jailable offenses. Muslims are grooming the environment to suit them. Brits need to get their invaders out or leave the country for the room to fight them.  You're over-run and your government has enslaved you Brits to evil."	1	0	0
The last 30 mass shooters have been liberal democrats on or just off SSRIs, go figure. Almost seems like it was planned that way.	1	0	0
& Millions to the fake Israel run by the Khazar Zionist Mafia.  They are not the jews in the Bible during & before the time of Christ.  They are a tribe of pure evil.  Modern day Khazars  Harvey Weinstein, Barbara Streisand, Joy Behar, Billy Krystol of Nat'l Review, Steven Spielberg, etc. 	1	0	1
A lot of wise tactical advice crossing my feed lately, feels like people are finally realizing they're in a war and studying the strategy of a successful enemy. 'Cry out in pain as you strike' is a big time winning Leftist tactic. We all hate using it because it's what pussies do, but look at South Africa for a preview of what happens if we lose.	1	0	0
Muslim filth	1	0	1
Another lovely #erotic drawing by #Rebecca. I want to strip @SuziDreamer naked and lick her pussy like this. I'd tongue her #clit until her juices were flowing out over my face. #NSFW #DirtyDaydreams	1	0	1
The Future Belongs 2 Those who Destroy islame 4 The Sake Of Humanity!	1	1	1
For Democrats, politics is about who gets to define the American future.  Nothing conservatives can do will stop Democrats from thinking of conservatives as racists and lynchers or from wanting them politically dead. The Democratic future of America does not include you! #SpeakFreely	1	0	0
hahaha, good choice. Probably infected with the progressivism virus anyway.	1	0	0
Report: Google A.I. Is ‘Biased’ Against Gay People, Jews  http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2017/10/26/report-go...	1	0	0
Hateful Fresno Prof Literally Blaming Her Troubles on Racism https://www.westernjournal.com/ct/fresno-prof-blaming-troubles-racism/	1	0	0
Actually that mentally ill fag Bruce Jenner is simply that, a retarded mentally ill faggott.	1	0	1
Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats, Jo Swinson, spits on the grave of the men and boys who died for our freedom.http://thebackbencher.co.uk/deputy-leader-of-lib-d...	1	0	0
Muslims Sami people might explain a lot. 	1	0	0
Leftism has no essence, it is just a coalition to knock over the apple cart in order to grab some of the apples - Jim	1	0	0
". @SpeakerRyan: ""Blah, blah, blah, I'm a coward and will cave on immigration. SECONDLY, I want to talk about working American families.""  Well, it just says it all, folks. They truly deserve a bludgeoning at the ballot box."	1	0	0
MARTIAL LAW can only hurt Trump's optics. Commies would cheer it on as justification for more violence. Free people abhor the idea—even if there are Antifa mobs every weekend.   Cut their funding. Prosecute organizers. End goal of Antifa is violent revolution; a worse police state only fuels the fire.	1	0	0
Liberals are the most insidious people.	1	0	0
Best article on Hanoi John's passing I've seen tonight:  Let’s be honest. John McCain is a bitter, angry crank who clings to resentments as tightly as an old woman clutches her pocketbook.  http://patriotretort.com/does-dying-make-you-a-sai...	1	0	0
"""Wars are the Jews harvest, for with them we wipe out the Christians and get control of their gold. We have already killed 100 million of them, and the end is not yet."" (Chief Rabbi in France, in 1859, Rabbi Reichorn.)"	1	1	1
Doctors should be imprisoned or shot for exploiting these mentally challenged individuals for profit. 	0	1	0
Make this person go viral. Her number is attached. #IslamIsTheProblem	1	0	0
Leftists spend tons of money on left-wing projects and NGOs because they love signaling even more than they love money. Rightists are the sensible opposite, but of course right now on the world stage the leftist collective irrationality is kicking the shit out of the rightist individualist rationality.	1	0	0
Nigger kidnaps woman, probably White,  drags her to his house, pisses on her in front of his friends, and beats her senseless. 	1	0	1
What is happening to Infowars right now is what is going to happen to your white children/grandchildren in the next 20 years.	1	0	0
I can't help but laugh when I hear this way of speaking.  I don't give a shit if you're a shitlib, it's hysterical!!	1	0	1
I'm moving so not worried about self doxing... thats down the street from where I live rn. I live just off the college campus here. Its niggerville. I call it Detroit Jr.	1	0	1
They weren't innocents, they weren't protestors, they were Hamas scum who want to obliterate Jews and Israel. Leftwing MSM needs to realise Hamas would indoctrinate all of them if they lived under its governance. http://blogs.timesofisrael.com/defending-its-very-...	1	0	0
Welcome, Justice!  There are a LOT of POTUS supporters and Patriots here!   And I'm glad to see that you correctly label the Leftist Censorship Thugs as Nazis.  You must be familiar with Dinesh D'Souza's work.  I saw his movie last night, Death of a Nation.  Awesome job of showing the racism and thuggish tactics of the Dem party all the way back to Abe Lincoln's time.	1	0	0
American (actually Anti American) jewery proved they hated Jews during WW2, nothing has changed.	1	0	0
The beta male is like a jew, always wants to start shit but plays victim when people clap back, that is why they ban us.	1	0	0
Oh so now he's a spoiled *millennial* murderer, too??? https://neonnettle.com/news/4867-mollie-tibbetts-k...  BTW, the guy who owns the property where this scumbag was working is a die-hard Democrat/Hillary supporter. Go figure he'd employ ILLEGAL ALIENS to work for him. 😡	1	0	1
The #USOpen crowd at #Shinnecock are literally the most rude gallery in sport. Screaming like beagles after EVERY SHOT. You expect it from the Phoenix Open but these New Yorkers are yelping unintelligible trash at the highest volumes EVERY SINGLE SWING. New York should never be allowed to host a US Open ever again. #QuietPlease #Gab	1	0	0
The very werid #traitortranny Chelsea Manning said that she crashed an event in NYC... he is a liar, he hung around awkwardly and no one paid him any mind.	1	0	0
An angry White generation is coming. 	1	0	0
"His valors and behavior make him a kind of super-Christian/white, not a super-Muslim/African. A refugee... from another ""European"" planet."	1	0	0
At the Aretha Franklin funeral today, Rev. Jasper Williams, Jr. caused a mass triggering among the children of the lie. He called out the problems in the black community; especially black-on-black violence and rampant single motherhood. He preached against the hypocrisy of Black Lives Matter. He said blacks have killed more blacks than the KKk ever did and that single, black, women cannot raise st...	1	0	0
#BritishPolice are shite. They turned a blind eye to 1400 children being sexually exploited because they didn't want to come off a #racist ... as if the fact that the #GroomingGangs were all Paki immigrants was their fault. #MaximumCuckoldry https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-south-yorkshire-28951612   Besides, since when did #AntiFascists start sympathizing with police?	1	0	0
"1) Words have been hijacked.  The people who call themselves ""Christian"" or ""Jew"", or what you're labeling ""Abrahamism"", don't keep a single law of The Creator God found in the Bible  NONE, they're all Babylonian Mystery Religion Civil Law Corporate persons, civilians (which happens to be the etymology of pagan: civilians)...cont 2."	1	0	0
Yatzie, those days are gone, sadly we  are stuffed, we have now Burkas hijabs and Barbarians all over the place, we need arevolution and start thining them out IMMEDIATELLY	0	1	1
Wow! Is ANYone even taking this course seriously? Maybe femtards and beta-males? yeesh! https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-05-02/why-war-...	1	0	1
"Farm attacks in South Africa have been talked about internationally, but few comprehend the African witchcraft (culture) involved. The ""witches"" on the other hand are directly influenced by politicians and veterans. Ie  The African drum.  "	1	0	0
"One cannot know what isn't so, only that it isn't so.  So:  1. ALL ""#Nazis"" think that ALL #Slavs are #Jews? 2. Do you have any specific examples? 3. Stalin, presumably, had ALL #Jews killed? 3.1. If not, then so what if SOME or even MOST were? 3.2. If so, would ALL #Jews include #Stalin himself?  etc."	1	0	0
Seems that the NWO is taken seriously by May 	1	0	0
Most of us on Gab don't hold these taboos. Ironic nazi memes have the sole aim of stirring up drama. Would much rather see them trolling shitlibs on Twatter than here where people on the right are trying to have serious(ish) conversations and get organized.	1	0	0
Do I get a ban for saying Allah sucks goat dick?	1	0	1
Only 2 genders. 	1	0	0
Stop watching now, why wait. Last one for me was 91 after the MLK nigger bullshit with the Nigger Felon League and Arizona. Fuck em, black greasy bastards. 	1	0	1
But *THIS* is fine. Remember folks--only white men can be criminally rude to the police.	1	0	0
If you make everything #multicultural 	1	0	0
Megan McCain dirty stain nasty cunt fuckin ass clown whore prostitute.	1	0	1
Illegal aliens are an imminent threat to this country. They must be rounded up, interned, and deported NOW. All illegal crossings at the border must be stopped with GUNFIRE. #InternAndDeport	1	1	0
"FUCK ""CONgress"" - "	1	0	1
That's the solution to immigrant problem: Tell them they cain't use the bridges; they gots to swim across.  And fish that get stuck in their clothes must be turned over to Homeland Security,	1	0	0
Stupid dindus, theres more slaves now than then!!	1	0	1
This tempest-in-a-toilet is just one more in a long list of attempts by the left to discredit Trump. Another one is the popular trend of speculating unfavorably on the president’s health as a run-up to demanding his ouster.  	1	0	0
We're going to bring it to these kikes that they'll be pondering the Samson option.	1	0	1
The question is, was it just a retard having a stupid accident or a RETARD LIBTARD being a liberal terrorist?	1	0	1
ROFL!! is that THE Hawaii judge that sucks oBOMBa's peepee whenever he can?? LOLOLOLOLOLOL	1	0	0
I know the art of cussing like I know the art of Europe.I just don't feel the need to be a subversive, pretentious faggot.It's probably because I'm a 'punk'... you know us young whipper-snappers, we just can't help it.	1	0	1
They Can Mindlessly Play Video Games For Hours As Life Passes Them By,They Order Weird OverPriced FooFoo Faggot Fake Coffees With Whipped Cream And Other Crap In It,That’s About It For These Hypersensitive Politically Correct Asexuals,I Can’t Think Of Anything ?!?!🤷🏻‍♂️	1	0	0
Come do that shit upstate you communist faggots. Bring a helmet, you'll need it.	1	0	0
"jews are the chosen people of satan, and yes they are superior in every way you listed. however, anything ""good superior"" that is associated with them as a group is complete and total jew bullshit."	1	0	1
Look at this compilation of tweets Nick Monroe made exhibiting the anti-white racism of Buzzfeed staff members. Again, this is commonplace on the Left. https://twitter.com/i/moments/1033547403620757504	1	0	0
"No it's not transphobic. Not all TSs/TGs want others to be attracted to them. And not being attracted to blacks doesn't make you racist. Blacks being ""attracted"" to white women is racist. When a BM hits on a WW, it's not about love, but either looking for a free ride, a status symbol (I can't be trash if I own a white woman as a slave), or a political statement."	1	0	0
A Slut would call a Nasty Bitch dressed exposing herself Fun. Is this ur kind of 	1	0	1
"This is your daily reminder that Cantwell used to be one of those ""Am I Being detained!!!"" Cop Block libertarian spergs, and the sole redeeming feature of those retards is their healthy distrust of the police and knowledge of entrapment tactics, Cantwell is not naive about being an informant unless he is literally to stupid to breathe, it is malicious"	1	0	0
ALONG WITH ILLINOIS, NEW YORK, MASSACHUSETTS, NEW JERSEY, WASHINGTON, OREGON... AND MORE COMING! HOWEVER, THEY BETTER NOT POLLUTE THE RED STATES THEY MOVED TO, CUZ THERE WILL B E HELL TO PAY!!!!	0	1	0
Hopefully? 	1	0	0
They should force the ‘refugees’ to wear this crap.	1	0	0
"I say send them all to one of the Middle East shitholes. Let them live under the ""peace"" of Islam. See how they like being raped and beaten regularly, and getting stoned to death if some other man decides to rape them and there's no one around to testify on their behalf. Maybe then they'd realize how good it is for them in this country. "	1	0	0
Libtard Meathead Rob Reiner's latest film earns only $41,000 on it's opening.  	1	0	0
Yes ma'am, and we'll warm up @TheRealDonaldTrump45 before we shove him in an oven. 	0	1	0
The reason I think that many leftists want to shut down free speech beyond the commonly discussed pursuit of their collective 'all or nothing' narrative is that most of them are at best non-eloquent, and at worst, too unintelligent, to try to argue their point with any nuance, details, or rationality.	1	0	0
Faggot. https://archive.fo/Kb0YP#selection-457.0-1061.1	1	0	1
A bullet costs anywhere in the ballpark of 20 cents. Once.    A feral liberal costs $50,000 a year in prison or welfare costs.    Save money, double tap.	1	1	0
Wanna hear a joke? Black people lol	1	0	0
let me guess; the children of the wicked one are the Jews!	1	0	1
WHO is harmed by the President's policies?? The moron media/progressives keep screaming about being hurt by America First policies! Who is being hurt?  	1	0	1
I disarrange, every black man I have heard sing sounds like they have a dick in their mouth.	1	0	0
A woman without tattoos is the new virgin. You decide what that means, ladies.	1	0	0
California, if you keep voting Democrats in office, you will be ruled by ILLEGAL ALIENS soon: 	1	0	0
The US and UK are jealous of Russia selling a shit load of out of date weapons to Syria and need some plan to dump the weapon stockpiles. So, bomb the shit out of Syria. 	0	1	0
Male Feminists believe in trickle down pussy.	1	0	0
"Yeah, but most of the conspiracy theorist think it's happening in America and Europe.  It's not, however the reason they think it's happening  it more of a bunch of well intentioned bull shit that ""white genocide"" conspiracy theorist don't understand."	1	0	1
We're going to destroy the white race by refusing to compromise on our principals and head left towards center with your group? Go do your thing. The GOP will eat you alive. All of you together don't have Trump's resources and he can barely do shit...and he's President. So, yeah, go infiltrate and wear red shoes and call us Nazis. Best of luck, man.	1	0	0
Kerensky wasn't Jewish at all. His father was Russian and his mother came from a peasant family of mixed Kalmyk ancestry. He was Russian Orthodox all his life. British diletants and the useful idiots of communists claimed anyone with any non-Slavic features was Jewish.	1	0	0
https://youtu.be/f-8_FJewrhA?t=3m27s	1	0	0
Electing Donald Trump instead of Hillary Clinton is the most god damn American thing ever. STICK A FINGER IN THE EYE OF THE ELITES	1	0	0
It is propaganda selling a dangerously bad choice. Interracial relationships (black man/white woman in particular) have much higher rates of domestic abuse, divorce, etc. than normal relationships.	1	0	0
Bitching on social media may be cathartic, but the best way to fight the biased lefty press is not to watch, mention, click, link, post, or refer to their lefty crap.  Even by complaining (mentioning) you’re giving them data to sell to their advertisers. Take away their ability to sell your data, take away your eyeballs and they’ll go out of business over time.	1	0	0
Filthy kikes & their niggers!	1	0	1
A caution to all those that read my gab feed. This #cockwomble @FreeBritain is not to be trusted. He sows discord and speaks like a perverted jew. #DoNotTrust ⚠	1	0	1
You miss the point, toady. Train, equip, watch for opportunities, strike when strategically advantageous. 	1	0	1
If most blacks want to laze around smoking weed and having babies with three different daddies, drinking water from a river because they can't manage a municipal water system, I Don't Care. It's no reason to hate them. Let them live in their own communities where they can raise a ruckus without getting arrested.	1	0	0
#DemocratPlantation Democrats hate free-thinking black men and women.	1	0	0
TIME TO DESTROY MSM - IT IS RUN BY DEEP STATE	0	1	0
God I hate that faggot	1	0	1
Nice leftist talking point. I can't walk down the street w/o fear that some nigger will attack me for looking at him the wrong way and that I'll go to prison for the rest of my life when the all nigger jury convicts me of a hate crime regardless of how justifiable my use of force may have been. So tell me more about what great shape America and my liberties are in.	1	0	1
Negroes screech about their culture and heritage, but inject themselves into any cultural category except their own. They shout about 'cultural appropriation' but wear western clothing. They celebrate their individuality but insist upon diversity quotas in schools, corporations and films. #NoFreePasses	1	0	0
Do niggers think locking up electronics and razor blades is racist too? I hope they all go back to Africa but don't make it because their boats sink and they all drown.  http://www.businessinsider.de/walmart-responds-to-claims-that-it-locks-up-african-american-beauty-products-2018-1	1	0	1
https://youtu.be/adHdw3EdgA8  You really MUST learn how vaccines and health care is to destroy us!! It is killing us. Yes, HEALTH CARE is killing us!! Hospitals kill the most people, by false diagnoses and medical errors, with unnecessary medical tests, and poisonous medications, containing harmful additives which cause more pain and illness as side effects. Your doctors are not trained to cure you, but to keep the treatment and operations continuing. 	1	0	0
Pompeo is a BEAST!! 	1	0	0
RT @PrisonPlanet: Five alleged Muslim extremists accused of training children to carry out school shootings were released on bond after their attorney complained that the men were only being targeted because they’re “black and Muslim,” as opposed to “white and Christian.” https://kek.gg/u/VYgR	1	0	0
Yep, show the whore supporters.  At least that's what refugee Muslim call them.  And feminist/women in the E.U. just welcome them in. 	1	0	0
THE PLOY WAS TO INSERT A BT IN THIS CONCILORS PLACE AND MAKE ME GET SO ANGRY I ACTED UPON IT... IM A HARD CUNT AND IM KIND AGGRESSIVE BUT I AINT BATTERING SOME CUNT ON THE INTERNET FOR SHIT TALKING ME... LOL... TIRBA? THOUGHT ID BUY IT,, NO SALE	1	0	1
All races want to breed with Whites, live in White countries, learn White languages, adopt our looks, our mannerisms, our NAMES. Love us, fuck us, kill us, live with us. Love/hate is a powerful combo, on the other hand all Whites want is some space to ourselves!	1	0	1
"I don't doubt for a minute that there's a double-standard against conservatives when it comes to forgiveness et. al., but I do wonder why people feel they can use this to justify racism on our side. Sorry, folks, I hate to sound like a school-marm, but two wrongs don't make a right. We (myself included) need to set a higher standard. Free speech may give us a right to ""say any damn thing we want"" (yes, I'm quoting someone here), but there's a reason why you can't yell ""Fire!"" in a crowded theater. Let's set an example. (And, yes, I'm still right to say Islam is a stain on the world, because by any given standard of morality and civility, it is...)"	1	0	0
Disgusting: Italian university calls for the assassination of Interior Minister Matteo Salvini 	1	0	0
Atheism needs to be purged of Alt-Right is high up there with tradthot question as a peril for the movement. Atheism NEVER engendered a movement worthy of anything specially in the right. Most of “Right-wing” atheist groups are nothing but masturbatory circles of frat boys turned activists. Christianity was the cornerstone of WHITE Europe for centuries!	1	0	0
Every year California burns.  MAYBE they should do some research to verify whether or not these fires are being set by some of the lawless criminals that they keep allowing into the country through their porous borders???	1	0	0
Oh come on! I think I actually included my sex in my profile. WTF does every insulting little 4-chan reject think I'm a guy? FFS even GOR had a few free women! Have you been locked in mom's basement with your RealDoll so long you forgot human...ish women can type or speak? Jebus H. Crablouses! At least post a good rape threat or something. With tentacles. Now.	1	0	0
I am officially done trying to have peaceful conversation with liberals. They are animals. They deserve to be removed from our republic. Either your believe in America or you are a fucking traitor. Get out of America. You are not welcomed by those of us who love our country.	1	1	1
The drug culture is an way that niggers get their foot in the door. Our poor town is getting overwhelmed by nigger lovers, all of them pushing a baby carriage with another little nigger holding onto it. . Not a male nigger in sight. The baby carriage is a way to transport the drugs from one spot to another. The nigger lover believes no one would check a baby.	1	0	1
KESSLER and THAT STUPID UNITE THE RIGHT RALLY ARE ALL FUCKING dumb fucking fuck head who are braindead retarded faggots. Hows this help anything bunch of dumbfucks seriously.	1	0	1
Who’s talking about molesting children? I’m talking about Jews and their manipulation of the truth. Check it out for yourself.  	1	0	0
I think the little nose goblin should go stand with Israel...in Israel. Make Alliyah, you little genetic horror.	1	0	1
Trannies are often as homicidal as they are suicidal. Other tranny serial killers and murderers include: 	1	0	1
You channel your outrage to protest your government’s plan to replace you and your family with mud people.	1	0	0
el Cifr gives his version of the Sermon on The Mount to an all negro audience. community organizing by Louis Cypher	1	0	0
wonder if she read the bible while she rapes little kids and biting off their faces..this rat need to be poisoned	1	0	1
I read that the juice instruction manual, considers anyone not a )ew, non Human. Non juice are called Gentiles, and are the equivalent of animals to serve the )ews. That's the kind bit. Now I see why they want non )ewish white people eradicated. To control... Everything.	1	0	0
Just standard islamic misogyny at play here. Practically every woman in Saudi Arabia lives like this. This is what the islamophilic libtard feminists can expect as the norm if they want to keep on supporting islam. 	1	0	1
But who actually gets to wield the power of the law? The people in power – the very same people that people like Traynor claim are oppressing minorities. Those laws against “hate speech” will not be wielded by “vulnerable minorities”. They will be wielded by the very same “old, rich white men” who you claim are oppressing minorities	1	0	0
No, there aren't any white supremacists. You're just using the anti-white jew language they use to demonize pro-white people. And you're afraid of being called racists. The jews conditioned you to feel that way too.	1	0	1
Yeah it is.  	1	0	1
He has plenty of spine for a Democrat bastard.	1	0	1
The message is loud and clear in all white countries: “these goyim need to shut their filthy mouths, lay down and die as we replace them with brown people.” - Andrew Anglin	1	1	0
Hmmm... investigate the Obama admin? New term?? “Obama-cide”??	1	0	0
"You have a right to your opinion and I welcome it! I won't deny, there are a lot of ""racist"" people on the Earth, but let's not split hairs when it comes to the fact that we're dealing with leaches and anything they do and say won't change facts, even if those facts are inconvenient. "	1	0	0
African women have to be strong, because African men dont work... much... You have to whip them into shape...	1	0	0
"Slight correction: ""If Vox Day were not of the type to get butthurt over some nonsense nondrama and lash out at Gab like the over-inflated buffoon he is..."""	1	0	0
I am redpilled to the JQ but I never felt like I hated jews, until I read this Twitter account >> twitter.com/A_Fellow_White 	1	0	0
For the liberal democrats it will be over quickly, all dead or badly wounded and dying. It is clear that liberal democrats are domestic terrorists and are calling for the destruction of the country.	1	0	0
Sharia May is to set up a new unit to deal with fake news . Stupid woman , if she wants to stop fake news , just shut down the BBC .	1	0	0
Perfect example of why women shouldn't be voting.	1	0	0
QUOTES FROM THE TALMUD 	1	0	1
A homosexual character hits on straight guy and then wonders why straights are mad at him, there is full on sex with the sea monster, sadistic chained torture, many abusive white males and of course evil Russians. Total NWO propaganda but filmed exquisitely.	1	0	0
How Jewgle will collapse: https://hackernoon.com/how-google-collapsed-b6ffa82198ee 	1	0	0
"""Bianca Debaets says the party's suggestions 'are absolutely shocking.'"" "	1	0	0
"""t's not a religion.    It's a tribalistic, supremacist race with an insular culture that relies on dividing its host on order to survive.  ""  What you are describing is a the filthy despicable JEW PIGS!  Jews are subversive LIARS and whatever they accuse others of they are guilty!  Jews are parasitical cancer and have been expelled from 1030 countries for a REASON!  Do you still belive the HOLOHOAX like this RETARD JAY? Jews are SCUM and you are a brainwashed RETARD!"	1	0	1
London changed it's name, it's now called Jahidistan	1	0	0
Throw every one of the traitor son of a bitches off the bench and hang them RFN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 	0	1	1
Why does a mayor have so much control? Oh, yeah, because he was voted in, and everybody is afraid to call him what he is, a muslim POS. 	1	0	0
#Killary and #Obummer are definitely going to #Jail now, right #GabFam?! 	1	0	0
Pre-1965 America must've been so nice... wish I could have enjoyed it. Now we have (((multiculturalism))) wanting the daughter to be Blacked and globohomo pushing the white baby boy to get a science pussy instead of a dick. 	1	0	1
I would think your Sweden cops should be able to use their snipers and shoot those with flaming bombs in their hands. Till you crush the muslims they will never stop. muslims only understand force.	1	1	1
Silly Washington Post, it's not global warming OR Trump. It's the angry spirits of dead slaves! 	1	0	0
She’s only in front of the media cameras because number one she black number two she feels entitled and number three  wait for it she’s a media whore	1	0	1
THIS ASSHOLE HAS GOT TO GO !!!	1	0	1
Being against violence and greed is the mindset and morality of a slave.  A slave is against violence and greed because they have no capacity to inflict violence nor aquire wealth.  To a Master violence and wealth are neither good nor evil, just a means to an end for survival of their bloodlines.	0	1	0
there is no real difference between parties. it is a circus. they all serve the globalists.	1	0	0
Islam, like christianity, is yet another program of the jews, designed to enslave the Gentiles and remove Spiritual Knowledge and Power from the hands of the Gentiles and place it in the hands of the jews, or the “chosen few”. 	1	0	0
All these Politicians are #Traitors to the British People they need to be ousted from their Positions immediately including the PM Theresa May, all Muslim MPs need to be sacked immediately for being Islamic it should be against the Constitution! #CleanUpTheSwampUK #FreeTommyRobinson	1	0	0
In Mormonism, a man can have many wives. For what is he being punished?	1	0	0
Do you think the Dems have that same S**t eating grin on their faces this morning like they did last night?	1	0	1
Killing communists is self defense... and also one of the manliest things a man can do.	0	1	0
Man who Roundhouse-kicked Pro-life Woman Identified, Gets Fired – NewsWars https://www.newswars.com/man-who-roundhouse-kicked-pro-life-woman-identified-gets-fired/	1	0	0
He is probably only a good goy, oblivious to the damage he is doing enforcing the Jew governments destructive laws in a desperate attempt to bring order to his crypto-jew riddled life. 	1	0	0
Notice how the same leftists crying about Trump telling rally-goers to punch anyone throwing tomatoes are a-okay with throwing water on someone. 	1	0	0
She's not going to help you. You're white. She's black. She wants to see you dead.  https://tribunist.com/news/security-guard-filmed-a...	1	0	0
Should promote diarrhea for faggots, so they fxxk each other better	1	0	1
Look at this deranged Judaic talmudic lunatic, the sooner we unite, build asylums for these fanatics the better for the world!	1	0	0
The jews are behind it	1	0	0
It's a shame we stopped bombing you. Die soon, there's a good little faggot.	1	1	1
this is an adult who was never slapped, when she got out of line...she got a trophy for every stupid childrens program, just for participating...this is what you get...A LOSER	1	0	1
This piece of crap Sikh is what every demonic rat liberal woman needs to live with her in her home. The nastier a Muslim thug looks is the kind of loer each liberal woman wants.	1	0	0
'Western world is built on RACISM' – BBC Newsnight guest makes SHOCK announcement If not for the white man this ‘professor of black studies’, yeah I know LOL, would be walking naked amongst the lions & zebras in Apefreaka.	1	0	1
https://youtu.be/q6FqE82ASZ8  	1	0	0
"Yeah, this proves that axiom ""Give 'em an inch, they'll take a mile"". Give one black man a free cup of coffee, another will ask for THE ENTIRE STATE OF FLORIDA. Seems reasonable..."	1	0	0
yep. is communist jews importing Islamic into ALL Europeans lands. 	1	0	0
Big black and scary another racist piece of hardware added to my collection	1	0	0
Michelle Duggar is hated by the left. They know that white women having 19 kids screws their plan of a non white Socialist hell hole. If white women ever figure out what their sex organs are for. Not just pleasure. But to have babies. The Communist Democrats will not be able to stop the baby boom	1	0	1
America will be great again especially after all of these people who made it a nightmare die off!! Good riddance!	1	0	0
Too many African slaves... Must be African overpopulation...	1	0	0
Good afternoon fellow gabers the latest hit against Kavanaugh  the vile witch from HI. horito says Kavanaugh shouls be banned from coaching girls sports a rapest shouldnt be allowed any where near youn girls or women period ! this fucking bitch is a disgrace to humanity she saide she blvs Ford 100 % and Kavanaugh is an outright liar !	1	0	1
Zionists are the UGLIEST blight upon this Country! I may not like Weimerica but I CERTAINLY hate The Zionists more.	1	0	0
https://www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/pics-protests-in-hermanus-as-residents-demand-land-20180327  	1	0	0
It’s as simple as doing what Obama did but in reverse! Wait till they get here, have buses waiting at the border....AND SHIP THEM THE FUCK BACK TO WHERE THEY CAME FROM! Not our problem, not our burden! https://www.breitbart.com/2018-elections/2018/07/10/dhs-migrants-are-leaving-their-children-the-united-states/	1	0	1
No its because you are a nigger in a white homeland Please pack your bags and leave ASAP.	1	0	1
let fagots pay their own way  SICK FACT    homosexuality is a pathology  Easily Proven  Highest Suicide Rate & Anal Sphincter Damage=Fecal Incontinence   Highest DISEASE CARRIERS   Lowest LIFE SPAN  AND THAT is just for starters!   Because queers ARE NOT NORMAL  1974 AMA Reversed Ruling homosexuality is not a pathology  BY QUEER DOCTORS  BIAS?   Yeah!  queer Bias!	1	0	1
OK, I was suspended from twitter for saying this Demoncrat should be euthanized, not elected.  He tortured and abandoned 100's of animals. #Caring 	0	1	0
please do, i'm tired of seeing race mixers on my bank website	1	0	0
LIBrat slut .. Now wants some money .. Book deal ..	1	0	0
The left can't meme because their memes usually invoke Poe's Law.	1	0	0
Minnesota: A Republican Caucus Convention at a Notorious Mosque https://iotwreport.com/minnesota-a-republican-caucus-convention-at-a-notorious-mosque/  Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. You cannot hold a serious meeting in the enemy's stronghold.	1	0	0
British Army Investigating Soldiers Who Posed for Photo with Tommy Robinson   A group of soldiers are under investigation by the British Army after posing for a photograph with citizen journalist and street organiser Tommy Robinson, with the force vowing to punish those involved.	1	0	0
This is not your plaza trannies!!! GET OUT!!!! #Splatoon2	1	0	0
"this gay porn looking faggot is still doing his anti christian ""fuck ur god"" edge-lord circa 1998 bit?"	1	0	1
shut your faggot ass up before i beat you with your own child as i swing em by his foot	0	1	1
Since this is Manhattan, I worry about picking up bed bugs in libraries, C-diff in hospitals, hepatitis C in restaurants. I worry about jerk doctors who come back from fighting ebola in Africa and ride the subway instead of self-quarantining. I worry about shit that actually happens.	1	0	0
Oh man, the church went along with the power in Europe of the day (NationalSocialism) just like it goes along with the power of today (jews pushing faggotry and racemixing) and Hitler made allies of convenience to have buffers in other parts of the world therefore JESUIT NWO GLOBALISTS STUFF THAT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE! NOT THE JEWS NOT THE JEWS NOT THE JEWS	1	0	1
3 Canadian Officer-Cadets from Royal Military College are being expelled for defiling a Qur'an...by jerking off onto it. 	1	0	1
And you've let blacks rape your women for centuries, at epidemic rates, but you somehow forget this! AND do fuck all about it. Nobody is being killed, you all live in a dreamworld.	1	0	1
Sex with men is a perversion against God Metzger.  You will be judged.	1	0	1
The experience of going to the holohoax amusement park. 	1	0	0
Well sir!!! This is the year 2018 we don't need any goddamn white male proof! We just need some fucking whore to make an accusation!!	1	0	0
Jews cheat on their test scores in order to get into elite universities where they are way overrepresented when going off of merit.	1	0	0
Why do normal, civilized countries want to become retarded Islamic nations?	1	0	1
I'm sure we have transported slaves in the past. We had good ties with Marokko I think. They, North Africans/Arabians, and of course the ultimate victim in human history were fervent slave traders. During the great depression there were virtually no colored people in The Netherlands... while being quite plenty in The United States. Anyone feel obligated to clarify that statement with a rebuttal?	1	0	0
Be immune to the Jewdi mind tricks.	1	0	0
EDDIE YOUR GAY PHOTOS DONT KICK ME THEY ONLY KICK YOU AND YOUR FAILED FAMILY U DUMB HOMO. YOU WERE BULLIED BY YOUR FAMILY WHEN YOU CAME OUT EHHH EDDIE http://www.pornwikileaks.com/video-eddie-dzial-aka-edward-bernard-przydzial-was-bullied-by-his-family-when-he-came-out-as-gay/	1	0	0
Actually with liars like you, who needs you in the Republican Party?	1	0	0
Because the Retarded Pot Smoking Party will never defeat the Jews.  God favors the Army with the most cannons.	1	0	1
The democrats are a domestic enemy threat!  The democratic party is the communist party.  Like Lenin, Hitler, Stalin & Mao Zedong, the democrats want to destroy our Constitutional Republic, our freedoms & the Bill of Rights. They think that they are our GODS. 	1	0	1
Typical leftist.  They seriously think that if they cater to the Radical Islamists that they will be spared, they are so stupid. They think that they can gain power and then control Islamist, omg, they are in for a horrible surprise.	1	0	0
Yes now we are going to hear more trash over the next week! These Criminal MSM are going to go into hysterical  overdrive ! They never shut up! I just hope the President releases documents this week! I know I'm way over ready to get on with it!! These people need to go to JAIL!!	1	0	0
Austria to close 7 mosques, expel imams in crackdown.  Its about time.	1	0	0
While I don't endorse their actions, beliefs, or group, I don't buy the fact that the press thinks that it's an anglo equivalent of ISIS. Their logs have been leaked and it shows that they did not instruct people to kill those specific victims. It's just that few of their members killed people for unrelated personal reasons.	1	0	0
I agree 100% that it's best for EVERY-ONE if MGTOW's MGTOW. Get that inadequate DNA out of the gene pool! Buh bye!	1	0	1
You have officially been jewed.	1	0	0
Ruben Gallego is only a fucking rep because the nation let all the illegal spics in. He doesn't want ICE enforcing immigration laws because he's lose his constituents. No white person, or legal citizen who DOESN'T want their own destruction would vote for this faggotry.	1	0	1
"The #shithole of Canada in the news. Somali born immigration minister says ""Canadians are more hateful"". This is the product of  #diversity:  https://www.therebel.media/ezra_levant_show_january_30_2018"	1	0	1
Catalunyan independantists:  LEFTISTS, ANTIFA-LIKE cucks.   Don't be fooled, they will sell Catalunya to islam even faster than the fucking spanish king.   Bring back PRIMO DE RIVERA	1	0	0
London has a White minority. Nearly every White British family that was there in the 1950s has left. The few young Whites there are have no identity and no culture, and are consequently forced to ape the culture of the invaders. #LondonHasFallenhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0j_CX1S2es	1	0	0
Most countries in our world are shitholes!!! 150/200 are utter shitholes!	1	0	0
In every inner city, the selfish exploiters of the poor are Democrats, progressives, and liberals who derive such electoral and monetary benefits from their inner-city plantations that they will fight anyone who dares to challenge them. #SpeakFreely	1	0	0
Are Preppers Terrorists ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsGj9PsWtZ8  #GabFam #Gab #BritFam #UK	1	0	0
"Proof if ever needed that ""the pen is mightier than the sword"". This is it. They understand blowing one another up but when it comes to free debate and discussion to logically iron out the flaws in their beliefs (arranged marriages, circumcision, genital multilation, ...), they can't handle it. "	1	0	0
Another  fascist  'newspaper'  nears death,   Has a long history of publishing idiots  https://www.cjr.org/business_of_news/village-voice...	1	0	0
White people post WW2 They are that stupid. Allowing all this bullshit to happen right under their noses Western civilization was smart cunning and superior. Rest is all envy	1	0	1
Just think how many once in a lifetime vacations she ruined!  Throw the book at her and deport the moon cricket back to the Congo...	1	0	0
If the Demoncrats win big in November you will hear the lying media crowing about how they motivated the brown vote to swarm to the polls. If that is indeed what happens then consider it a foretaste of what to expect in 2020 . Focus on building our own pro White movement that can restore White rule,White security and a WHITER AND BRIGHTER future for ourselves.	1	0	0
I thought my 2 bros and wives were harmless till they couldn't believe I didn't vote for Obama. I started red pilling whenever I could, but they're too far gone. My adult nieces/nephews make asinine SJW comments on FB all the time. We are cordial but limit $$$ and contact with them all.	1	0	0
He Sorros is an insult and disgrace to the Human race	1	0	0
Now they can get outta the ghetto without being in the NiggerBall Association and after Jamal gets shot in the neck for being a gudboi	1	0	1
Is anyone here surprised by this? Senator (((Brian Schatz))) (D-HI) supports #SarahJeong and #WhiteGenocideAt least the Dems are finally coming out of the closet as White-haters! https://twitter.com/brianschatz/status/10255774559...	1	0	0
What if my belief is that Islam is a violent religion, mass immigration is destroying us, or men can't choose to become women? Can I be picked on for those beliefs @policescotland? Please clarify. 	1	0	0
All I do is drive through crazy nigga hoods. With millions in liability. For ATMs, banks, other businesses. You talk of stress. I hear a child's inane babbling. The streets love me. Because they know I would kill them all. This is what I do. In real life.	1	0	0
The trouble is Muslims will soon own everything.	1	0	0
They are extremely simple. 	1	0	0
'A confidential, 49-page memo for defeating Trump by working with the major social-media platforms to eliminate “right wing propaganda and fake news” was presented in January 2017  by Media Matters founder David Brock at a retreat in Florida with about 100 donors, the Washington Free Beacon reported at the time.' https://www.wnd.com/2018/08/mask-off-social-media-... #FAGS #So...	1	0	0
I think the title is “Gas the democrats, political war now!”	1	1	0
"@RabbiHighComma‍ E.g, not only was (((Gould))) wrong about skulls, we now know that tooth size also varies by race. Negroes have the smallest skulls/largest teeth, vs Orientals with the smallest teeth/largest brain sizes. This ""scientific racism"" explains why chimps & monkeys have larger teeth than humans, for which anti-racists have no explanation."	1	0	0
Maybe.  However, as the surge to destroy whites becomes apparent, I believe that white people will organize and be more effective on the battlefield.  Forcing those non-whites that are silent to make a peace accommodation.  I do not believe all non-whites hate us who are white.  It's just the socialist tactic of division.	1	0	0
There are a lot of old people in those protest. Old nasty commies is my guess.	1	0	0
These people are doing the right thing...standing up to gypsy filth. Shame plod hasn't got the balls to do it ! 	1	0	0
"Wonder what parts of U.S. Constitutional prohibitions they'll use for inspiration next? They've already done ""infringing the freedom of speech, or the press"" and working ""corruption of blood""..."	1	0	0
"""Islam is an Antichrist Religion"" "	1	0	1
If you see this post you must quote an at'a' post and call him a fag in some way.	1	0	0
This is why you never order food from fast food places that employ blacks.  	1	0	0
I didn't vote for that MORON Obama, too many stupid people believed his lies. I knew he was a poser and liar as soon as I heard him speak.  	1	0	1
this is why libertarians are utter cancer. fuck the constitution lets just use an industrial sized wood chipper & turn them into mulch. problem solved	1	1	1
Same here.In fact I trust Putin more than all of the liberals & Congress all together.	1	0	0
HERE'S TO THE NORMAL PEOPLE WHO USE COMMON SENSE, LOGIC, LEARN FROM MISTAKES, RESPECT THEIR ELDERS, KNOW THAT MODERATION IS THE KEY TO HEALTH AND HAPPINESS. EXTREMISM EITHER WAY, LIBTARD OR RIGID PATRIARCHS, IS A FAILURE WAITING TO HAPPEN. IF YOU LIVE TO BE 65 IT MEANS YOU WERE RIGHT OTHERWISE YOUR ASS WOULD BE DEAD. NOW IT'S TIME TO SCHOOL THE FOOL.	1	0	1
https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/411607-trump-calls-stormy-daniels-horseface?amp  	1	0	1
Graphic depiction of obvious 'Libtardation' in a percentage the deluded population#Humor #Politics #Libtardation	1	0	0
Turning the frogs #Gay or children #Trans all part of the #Marxist #Communist take over, turn all white men into weak little twigs so they would have to become a bundle of faggots #Leftism #Agenda  at: 8:59 / 36:58  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAacfrQc7sE	1	0	1
Haha. @Eric_StrikerDS won't let me follow him any more because I like to remind him that the Alt-Right media embargo on @Patrick_little was RACE TREASON. 	1	0	1
Screw them. They deserve it. SesameStreet turned into a leftwing, progressive, propaganda machine as soon as Jim Henson died. The same Disney did after Walt died and the Hollywood Jews took over.	1	0	0
Only the kikes are the ones who aren't religious but a race conning people into believing they are a religion. Perhaps the pope is a crypto kike	1	0	0
Create a drug dependent class of slaves who will do anything for the drugs  typical commie trick.	1	0	0
FUcking democrats, stupid, uneducated, and now out of control...Its Obamas fault.	1	0	1
Fuck Tay Tay. She loves Nigs and Kikes.	1	0	1
Which brings is full circle, that Norman Rockwell shit is dead, it is an unobtainable paragon  	1	0	1
We signed the Mayflower compact so we could throw the corrupt ass***es out of our government. Keep up the good work Patriots in the WH. True Patriots are proud of everything you are doing to cut the cancer out of our Republic. Just remember Treason = 1 bullet, 1down - NEXT! Never have to deal with those traitors again. God Bless!	0	1	0
Pennsylvania: Muslim disrupts church service, screams “You press on Muslims’ nerves. You’re going straight to Hell.” 	1	0	0
Te Democratic Party MUST FAIL, Their ALL Traitors!!!	1	0	0
New band names, by me: - Gay Retards on Fire - Piss Cops - Catcher in the - Jesus Christ 2 - Robocock Battlecry - Thunderlunch at the Casino - Guitar Band - The Beenles - Muslim Cops on Fire	1	0	1
IF You sincerely FEEEEEEL tide-pod-eating, pubescent Kikes being glorified by the JEW$media should determine the fate of the Second Amendment & the Bill of Rights, you might, just...be... 	1	0	1
You didn't answer my questions. What truth is your religion based on? Do you believe in the unity of God?	1	0	0
Nuke NK over wow not a word from the Libtards .	1	0	0
I wonder what @Eric_StrikerDS‍ thinks of this appearance. 	1	0	1
Fucking Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew, LOL 😂 I love saying Jew! Jew bitch, Jew fagg, Jew pedophile, etc, etc! Add the word Jew to it and it automatically becomes derogatory! 😂	1	0	1
How many laws has #CanklesClinton and her corrupt #ClintonFoundation broken? 	1	0	0
Look! 2 cheeks of the same fat ass.	1	0	0
'I just went through a school shooting and I FEEL BAD!!! WAAHHH!' No shit, motherfucker...it's a mass shooting, not a massage with a happy ending...you're not supposed to feel good afterwards. The 2nd Amendment is not subject to the opinions of whiny bitches.	1	0	0
EXACTLY! 	1	0	0
THE democRATs AND obama INCLUDING THE FBI satan PUPPETS ARE DANGEROUS TO THE UNITED STATES	1	0	0
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/08/22... Bill the Serial Rapist & Krooked Kkkillary went to Aretha Franklin funeral to make sure the negros there understand that the Clintons are still in 'power'. ... ...And a reminder to  the 'blacks that they are super predators that need to be brought to heel.'	1	0	1
That not Barbie,it's a Muslim doll.I will not but it.	1	0	0
LOL... Hey Hillary, Bill is still fucking Monica!  https://nypost.com/2018/05/09/monica-lewinsky-i-was-uninvited-from-event-after-bill-clinton-rsvpd/	1	0	1
Call me stupid or whatever, but I had no idea they survived. So there is a 'gas attack' and it's military-grade, and yet everyone survives just fine and the pets die of neglect because the owners can't get home to take care of them. 	1	0	1
muslims along with leftards are not the brightest lightbulbs in the socket	1	0	0
This whole traditionalist talking point is beyond idiotic, many people on the right do not have kids.   In fact many of the people destroying our country are fucking niggers and illegal spics with 8 fucking kids or more. So stop and ask yourself wtf are you even talking about moron. LMAO	1	0	1
WTH !?  I heard McCain was dying ! Lots of energy for an asswipe on his death bed.	1	0	1
Careful, some of the subhumans claiming the Earth is flat also claim to be Christians. Better to get some distance from those, lest they make them look as backward as Australian Aborigines or something. :p	1	0	0
Christ was a well-known faggot	1	0	1
i want to see swedes raped to death collectively	0	1	1
Chess is fucking based, and not just because white goes first; it's because you can't jew your way out of a bad position. Verbal cunning won't undo a bad move. It trains your mind to think logically and accept reality as it is.	1	0	1
THE LEFT LIKES TO LEAVE OUT THAT PART ALL THE TIME AND AS AN AMERICAN THAT PISSES ME OFF! WE ARE SUPPOSE TO TAKE THE LEFT'S SHIT AND BE QUIET AND NEVER SAY A WORD...FUCK THAT!!! I'M DONE WITH THE PC BULLSHIT! AND SO IS 65 OR MORE MILLION THAT VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP!	1	0	0
Good heavens, the #altRetards are so desperate that this is what they're now sending.....	1	0	1
to be fair that flag means some thing else but what ever. and ya not racist and very part of american history shame some want to burn it. I kind of want to have it as Americas fighting flag. you know so the enemy knows were not fucking around. Had family on both sides of that war. not happey some one wants to burn it. btw not going to gas jews with ya ever kid.	1	0	0
That and while we're at it send all those assholes who praised Chavez when he turned the country into a socialist shithole.  Michael Moore, Sean Penn and the rest of those douche-bags.  Put them right on the front line so they can see first hand how great socialism is.	1	0	1
This will blow up in the left's face	1	0	0
nigger you be is raycis	1	0	1
It may not be an exclusive “black thing” but it is in high proportion to the black populace. https://www.amren.com/news/2018/08/former-mayor-fo...	1	0	0
The media uses children so often to push their narrative that it has become a trope. The media never seems to be concerned about the kids being attacked by rape gangs or sex traffickers, however.	1	0	0
[Since you commented and quoted the same thing, I'll do the same...] So, they're *foreign* Nazis and they're blatantly censoring. You need more than 2 choices? You can be a foreigner working for an American company and be censoring Americans. I don't see a problem with my logic....	1	0	0
Yeah I suppose we shouldn't desensitize the next generation like we were lol. Lets just hope they keep the gays out of it.	1	0	0
Further proof that only dead Marxists are good Marxists.	1	1	0
Shot his ass more than once, we all hope!  	0	1	1
Its amazing how many deaths of innocent civilians are needed to defend the Evil Empire....when leaders feel no remorse and attempt to hide the reality...when killing POC...what value does your live have in the minds of these psychopaths??? 	1	0	0
any white woman that would let a disgusting black dick defile her and impregnate her i have no sympathy for...they diserve my scorn 	1	0	0
Any woman who says she wants to be treated like a man isn't living in reality.	1	0	1
Well actuality my Gab account shows I not only call out stupid Hitlers as uneducated, brain-washed idiots, I prove it with facts. 	1	0	0
'Is fucking a retarded girl rape? Asking for a friend.' - Barrack 'Sadam Hussein' Obama	1	0	1
and thats where we can end being civil. look i dont eat muslims excrement even when you rebrand it with jew gassing. fuck off. you r just like them you want to stop and you cant stop them when you emulate them.	1	0	1
Atheism doesn't really exist. I'm an a-atheist, i.e., I don't believe in the existence of atheists due to lack of proof. 	1	0	0
#KeepAmericaGreat 	1	0	0
Vonn, you like niggers so damn much, go live in Zimbabwe, don't come back, traitor bitch, cunt	1	0	1
I bet these cuckstians secretly fantasize about being sodomized by gay niggers.	1	0	1
Bill Clintons mouth spews toxic waste constantly what a fuckin ass clown he is folks.	1	0	1
Fight me, communists.	0	1	0
#AntifaFaggot UNC Professor Dwayne Dixon, charged with two misdemeanors for bringing a semi-automatic rifle to a rumored KKK rally. He will be charged with causing the death of Heather Heyer at CVille as well.The faggot's email is dedixon@email.unc.edu 	1	0	1
Conservatives aren't terrorists like Antifa. As much as I have entertained the thought of breaking shitlib's windows, I know that it's wrong to destroy private property. Liberals have no morals, thus they break windows. 	1	0	0
lincoln provoked a war that murdered tens of thousands of white boys in favor of low IQ niggers	1	0	1
Same with the libtard that went to...africa I think?... and got BEHEADED. The difference is...this libtard was just out for a jog. It's not like she was hanging out with him. It was pretty random. He just HAPPENED to kill an open borders libtard. Could've just as easily been an NS female out for a jog!	1	0	0
Niggers always act like feral animals. 	1	0	1
Damn. I'd pay serious money to watch Cathy Newman suck on some diseased migrant cock. Fuck that bitch. Damn, I am not even white and this is how I feel about her.	1	0	1
Drunk tweeting again Ms. Handler?! #ShakeHead These homophobic, #libtard pukes continue to grasp at anything they can, melting into a #snowflake salt puddle! https://www.infowars.com/chelsea-handler-claims-trump-is-blackmailing-lindsey-graham-with-dick-sucking-video/ #Unbelievable	1	0	0
I am Baffled by the feminist love of Islam. I understand why pedos love it. 	1	0	0
#Gabfam, the leftists (and degenerates) are pushing hard to normalize pedophilia.  This is the third and final time I'll be posting this.  If you're interested in doing something to stop this, read the link. https://www.scribd.com/document/383096570/Destroy-...  #MAGA	1	0	0
Exactly!  Regardless how small voice one may contribute, every protest is needed! to keep #FREESPEECH alive for ALL, not just for evil msm, corrupt social media or hateful libRETARDED!  Free speech is dead in UK; patriots have paid dear price with deadly imprisonment.  PRAY GOD BLESS HIS RIGHTEOUS CHILDREN SUCCEED in FIGHTING for THEIR RIGHT to SPEAK FREELY! 	1	0	0
Does pedo bashing require a baseball bat?	0	1	0
Everything that we must fight in order to preserve the West in one image. #cuckoldry #fat #feminism	1	0	0
DemonCraps Are Just Spoiled Little Bitches, Nothing Less, Nothing More.	1	0	0
Someone has to take care of our white trash	1	0	0
Im very O.K. with camps for illegals, muzzies, kikes, trans..even the kids.	1	0	1
If you spend five minutes researching the matter you’ll find Jewish groups led by ADL are behind the protocols that led to the mass deplatforming of Alex Jones. Seriously, if you’re an InfoWars fan set the chemtrails stuff aside. Devote 5 mins to this. It will change your life.	1	0	0
We Need Islam Control, Not Gun Control https://youtu.be/JDYiM--TrbY  But especially understand who your elected leaders really are representing and enabling. Connect the dots as they lie to you.	1	0	0
DOZENS OF CHRISTIAN VILLAGES IN NIGERIA WIPED OUT IN MASS MUSLIM KILLING SPREES. 	1	0	0
Easy to say unless you live in a nigger run shithole like Baltimore 	1	0	1
Christians don't stick up for themselves. They do as their church leaders tell them, and their church leaders are telling them to bend over for multiculturalism, to forgive the non-whites/muslims that are raping and murdering their children, and to accept that islam is a religion of peace, and to just pray instead of fight back. 	1	0	0
fuckoff, I've got better thing to do than entertain morons	1	0	1
'Migrants 'Cheat and Lie' to Exploit System - Danish Immigration Minister' I wish to hear what UK Minister of State for Immigration (The Rt Hon Caroline Nokes MP) has to say about the asylum seekers in Britain.  https://europe.infowars.com/asylum-seekers-cheat-a...	1	0	0
CNN COMMENTATOR: All Trump supporters are ‘racist’ 	1	0	0
whatta surprise (not) 	1	0	1
Whites are not welcome in Africa or Asia. They are very racist cultures. Only whites must accept being diverse. And we are a dying race cause of liberalism 	1	0	0
And let’s face it... Democrat woman are fuuugly! No man in their right mind would want to even consider raping that unless they are severely desperate or completely unhinged psychopaths!	1	0	1
hey. guys. I have something to tell you, and you're totally not gonna believe it, and it's totally gonna change your mind on what trump said about this whole shindig. people...are animals.	1	0	0
Trump meets with the House Intelligence Committee tomorrow.  Trey Gowdy to Democrats who want to attend - 'Don't leak like a sieve after the meeting is over.'  Democrats ...	1	0	0
hey @MisterMetokur‍ @JFGariepy‍ (legit retard fucker) hows it feel to kno someone can attach you to a legit pedo just to take down baked? faggots. y dont you talk to mr Mariana boat lift Failure & firewater faggot $50 a match semi-pro wrestling chump Tonka abt Zoom & his engagement w 13 year olds. You stepped in the wrong prefecture bitch. WE WILL END U FAGS!	1	0	1
What the heck? The #Antifa vermin touched off the violence. They should've been shot, maced, batoned, cuffed, and dragged off to jail. Even the cops out there are #libtards...  #Portland #Oregon	1	1	0
"The Jew says,...""Please let me join your Ranks & i Promise not to Stab you in the Back""... Leonidas says...""We Fight in Perfect Formation & you would pose as a Weak Point in the Guard"". Not only that but a Parasite Never to be Trusted, in any Way, Shape, & or Form..."	1	0	1
7 kids for every 10 lesbians = proof that lesbianism isn't real.	1	0	0
Mainstream Muslims on murder of gays! https://youtu.be/AkXfs8VDu2Q	1	1	0
Let them in not Muslims lick the left wants!	1	0	0
What's the worst thing, beginning with N and ending in R, that you can call a black man? Neighbour.	1	0	0
The debt of the West caused by Socialism & immigration. E U is 11 trillion in debt.  Western Europe is 65 trillion. USA is 20 trillion. Economic death of Western Civ  Caused by Marixm that is endorsed by liberals 	1	0	0
"No it is not. But Anni is absolutely delusional with her ""answer"" to the threat of Islam. She said all we have to do to win this war is show Muslims what is in the Koran, and they will leave it. When the ideology has no followers, it will no longer be a threat. Right, it will that easy."	1	0	0
So we'll let women into the job market, so their livelihood can depend on feckless men.  Brilliant!	1	0	0
The Chinese are one race but they are still racist against darker skin Chinese. They call them niggers.	1	0	1
"Israeli women ""fight every day""? That jewish propaganda bullshit. The United States has given Israel everything because the rat jews control our banks and Wallstreet. All the latest hardware, given for free, so Israeli women can take a photo op in a skirt with a gun and think they actually did anything. Thats all you have in 1000s of years of history. lol. "	1	0	1
Soros needs to die like a diseased dog in the middle of Main Street/	0	1	1
So now employers have to deal with mental disorders along side of the daily problems of being in business??? 	1	0	0
@ImpeachDonaldTrump Your blue wave will be wiped out with our Red Tide! The 'blue wave' Dems have shown themselves to be deranged, delusional, insane people who want to destroy our America!  Will we allow this?  They shoot our people with snipers, then kill our Americans at concerts, they would gladly kill us all to take what we have.  God bless you and God bless the USA...	1	0	0
"Funny how the greatest African goal scorer in a PL season in their history is what niggers refer to as ""white"". African Niggers failed again."	1	0	1
Black is not a race. Nobody believes in your racist evolutionary theories. We know our lineage going back to Noah and Adam. 	1	0	0
Not long ago I disliked it when women were on their period. Now I appreciate it because it proves they are the real thing, and not trannies.	1	0	0
Hillary may run again, but the Brown Wave wants a Michelle Obama/Kamala Harris or Kamala Harris/Cory Booker ticket.  AmeriKaland already had eight years of a (half-)black faggot, it's time for an angry sheboon in the Wypipo Houz.	1	0	1
Democrats are a cancer to the Republic!!  Domestic enemies every single one of them.  Traitors, perverts, communist scum!! 	1	0	0
Oprah is quietly put it about that she has no interest in the White House. She knows what's in her past makes even Obama look like a chaste missionary.	1	0	0
Granny Schicklgruber's Cherries Jewbilee Recipe 	0	1	0
Ragheads & OTHER Communists running the UK into the ground need to fuck off and let opposing viewpoints be heard!	1	0	1
In true reality one can pick any day of a year and that day would  be connected to Islamic butchery of Kaffirs somewhere in the world. #islamIsScum	1	0	0
What about red people? (Indians)  Red is a color.	1	0	0
"SAN DIEGO: Designated terrorist group CAIR demands resignation of a public official for calling Muslims ""sub-human scum"" and condemning their culture for ""throwing gays off roofs"" "	1	0	0
Note to mø'slums: 	1	0	0
https://youtu.be/WwwXIS1YfHU  I find this most interesting an I believe very conceivable the Democrats would continue with their rampage.  Justice Roberts referred this for ethics.  Drinking by Democrats is what they accuse Kavanaugh of lying about to the Senate.  Give me a damn break.  The Democrats are liars and Hillary lied offen to the FBI and Justice and she is still not in prison.   	1	0	0
#TarAndFeather THESE #DeepState motherf**king Government drones and squares, THEN THROW THEM IN GITMO FOR ATTEMPTING TO SUBVERT OUR DEMOCRACY. 	0	1	1
.ahhh ok once again flashing your feminazi gang signs on me?  ok got it..even denying you re not yet still using the symbols is quite telling!!	1	0	0
fuck off you limey suckin' kangaroo screwin' nigger lovin' outback homo	1	0	1
For Democrats, #ToleranceMeans doing WHATEVER it takes for votes! I'm so tired of seeing our nation sold out so the most CORRUPT party in our history can obtain votes! Immigration Abuse is just ANOTHER way for them to place people in bondage!	1	0	0
Yep, you're a mindless leftist. The telltale sign is the spewing of hatred and wishing harm when you lose the argument. You can't think and when you're put in a position where you have to back your baseless position with a reasoned argument and facts your mind uncoils like a spring. There are two characteristics associated with leftists, the inability to think and hatred. You demonstrated both.	1	0	0
My advice: don't play the PC game anytime or anywhere. For Obama, I use such terms as nigger, sodomite and racist extraordinaire. For blacks like Justice Thomas, Thomas Sowell and Alan West I call them great Americans. I never adjust my speech to accommodate the audience. I anyone dislikes my verbiage or can't stand truth I expel them from my life. True, I have few friends but they are good friends.	1	0	0
India makes active pedophilia a death penalty crime I don’t know what muslims are going to do but India may end up exterminating any true muslims who follow pedo Muhammad’s example with Aisha. Half the British & American establishment may also end up executed if they act on their perversions. All in all, a good outcome, time for the West to follow this example.	1	1	0
Just tell your normie friends they always call Republicans Nazis. 	1	0	0
It truly is satan's world and the democrats are his minions. 	1	0	0
Only in #islam do they brainwash children to want to become #terrorists.	1	0	0
Calling me a queer boy yet your bashing woman...seems kinda ironic...i dont have to prove anything to someone who is  putting white woman in the same catagory as jews and niggers....seems jewy to me....	1	0	1
The Jew wants to kill and breed out Whites. Jews lobby for the White Genocide in South Africa and their jingo sell out race traitor libtards follow suit.	1	0	0
so apparently there's nearly 120,000 people in LA County who aren't going to be on the voting roster for their primaries due to a 'printing error.' Not to worry, the people who voted illegally will more than make up for it. <3	1	0	0
And who *controls* the internet: Illuminati, Left wing nut jobs	1	0	0
Of course the devil's children would pervert the CLean righteous teaching of Jesus to try and and destroy us, well it worked on millions of people look at Evangelicals and Pence and Trump even.	1	0	0
That shit is so stupid. Did you see the French team? They were mainly Africans and Middle Easterners.	1	0	1
The Alt-Left demands that white men be penalized for the sins of their ancestors. The Alt-Left charges us all with collective racial guilt. Since the Alt-Left demands the violation of the rights of others, they negate and forfeit their own. Resist their maneuvers and lies. #SpeakFreely	1	0	0
The shit skins, like this piece of crap are not immigrants, they are gimmigrants, they will never contribute to our society, they savage animals who are mildly retarded & they want domination over America.	1	0	1
http://observer.com/2010/08/poor-li ttle-rich-girls-the-ballad-of-sara- and-clare-bronfman/2/ 	1	0	0
Great suggestion!  I just filled up my follow list by going through this section and finding people who were brave enough to defend this little guy from Baby-Hating Leftists...	1	0	0
I have stopped counting all of the actors in Hollywood I have come to despise. This clown is just one more. Pedophilia is just that and I refuse to support these sycophants by paying to watch their demonic crap. Hollywood could completely disappear and I could not be happier.  	1	0	1
Dont we want hate speech laws? It highlights the problem, what am i missing?   Long before hate speech laws white opinions have been silenced, supressed and ostracised.   Ive been trying to get the state to prosecute me under the hate speech laws but they wont.  	1	0	0
fuck israel and america. both should be destroyed	1	1	1
Looking at the news today, it's clear that we are in a soft coup leading to outright anarchy by far left progressives/democrats/socialist. In my opinion we have already seen countless examples of outright sedition by most left wing politicians that should be facing felony charges. And they aren't. Trump must kill/deport/imprison them now.	1	0	0
Now it's time for our media to spend weeks talking about how Europeans should be demographically replaced because a bunch of wakandans won a kick-the-ball-in-the-net competition. #DiversityIsOurStrength #WorldCupFinal	1	0	0
This as nothing to do with color!!! She is just 1 ugly fucking looking baboon! Looks like a big hose is sucking the life outta her ass!!!	1	0	1
It's great to be white. *fixed it for you	1	0	0
The true test of the virtue of a person in the Current Year is to hear that person audibly state that white people have a right to their own spaces/neighborhoods/communities/cities/nations. #prowhite Free speech extends to free association.	1	0	0
One hand grenade and you have a cure for illegal immigration. Well for at least 7 of them....it's a start.	1	1	0
Anyone shouting Allahu Akbar should immediately be shot. There is no place in civilization for the barbaric Satanism known as Islam	1	1	0
One reason the deep state has gotten as bad as it has is that sensible (ie not liberal) people aren’t even applying for government jobs. I’ve spent the last week and a half reviewing resumes and we’re scraping the bottom of the barrel here. Pay is pretty good, benefits are great, and the bar is set low so it’s easy to impress your boss.	1	0	0
The US degenerate cultural death spiral continues unabated. Here is a new twist to the 'fuck her right in the pussy' trope from a few years ago. Now white women are interrupting live broadcasts with 'fuck us right in our pussy'. Keep it classy ladies. https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=kATcr_1527093833	1	0	1
Boris Johnson, David Davis and Jacob Rees Mogg all say that Chequers is not Brexit. And I believe them. Treason May is deceiving and lying to the British public.Unfortunately the BBC are the main perpetrators of Project Fear fake news. The British public are being stabbed in the back by the Red Tories and by the BBC.	1	0	0
@RealAlexJones exactly Millie he's a traitor they all are and they should all be treated as such by the US government	1	0	0
I wish the war would start now instead of 50 years from now. If it started now, I could participate in it. We could have a new age of Homeric achievement. Instead I'll probably have to die not knowing how it's going to end.	0	1	0
Posts a picture of her bikini and calls me skank. 	1	0	0
Giving women, blacks and socialists the right to vote was a mistake.	1	0	1
IF YOU TRUST A MUSLIM  YOU ARE A FOOL	1	0	0
So if obesity kills way more people each year than guns do and the govt knows this, there can be really only one other reason the govt is  pushing gun control so hard. Here's a cute pic while you chew that over.	1	0	0
are you calling me a Democrat?  What an asshole.........   That is the worst insult you can send me,  I am not a demonrat,  I am a pissed off TRUMP VOTER that just got kicked in the balls by the very person I voted for and you want me to be happy about it?  What a fucking LEMMING!	1	0	0
I’m all for Jews looking after their people and Country (Israel). 	1	0	1
I thought that their job was to kill ISIS terrorists. Of course, Obambam did not want to see his Muslim buddies killed.	1	0	0
That’s because they know they have installed are liberal idiots that’s shouldn’t being trusted to teach anything let alone be armed. 	1	0	0
Ultimately I don’t give a shit about Iranian women or Iran. Iran is stable for that region and it does not Harbor Israel’s best friend ISIS. Perhaps YOU wish to die for Iranian freedom? I don’t give a fuck 	1	0	0
You wouldn't want that image Stuck in your Head for the rest of your Life. Nasty Old Nigger Hag Pissing down her Arm/Legs (Missing the Cup) into her Urine Soaked Socks & resting into a Puddle below.	1	0	0
The messiah Adolph Hitler Christ was most certainly a fan of the poon	1	0	0
Whites want equal rights, NOT special rights like the niggers have	1	0	1
Just thing of all of those faggots, dykes, kikes and pedo's out of work.  How many pieces of shit worked for this baby murdering group of inbred Moron's?  So glad to see the end of another Socialist Utopia run by Obama the Negro's Gestapo.	1	0	1
#thenoseknows a goodgoy always follows the money crumbs and not it's heart. #thanksjews	1	0	0
"She's a Jew with connections. What else do we need to know to account for her ""success""? What other way do ugly, fat and uncharming Jewish women who are said to be successes ever get ahead or reach the top?  No other way."	1	0	0
what can i say -retarded moron inbred 	1	0	1
Women don’t exist to do all the things that men can do. Women exist to all the things that men *can’t* do.	1	0	0
White #nationalism is a much abused term. It is not an aspiration for racial #supremacy,not a form of racial #hatred or eugenic social engineering,but rather a movement which champions the New World’s “white nation.” https://www.counter-currents.com/2011/10/white-nationalism-is-not-anti-semitism/	1	0	1
Wielding virtue as a weapon proves it's complete absence. the minute you go from defending the specific to attacking any and every perception, you become the monster.  By attacking with virtue at every vague perception proves Democrats are the most racist bar NONE.	1	0	0
Fun fact normies: Nicolas Maduro is an ethnic Jew. So was Fidel Castro. So were Mao’s and Stalin’s top advisers and financiers. So were the Bolsheviks. So were the heads of the communist party in Wiemar Germany. So is Bernie Sanders. #MondayMotivation #RemoveTheJews	1	0	0
Ever noticed how the hatred displayed by a Democrat is equivalent to the hatred displayed by a radical Muslim? The only difference between the two is attire. | #RedNationRising	1	0	0
David Lammy ranting about crime in london being all about 'eastern European gangs' 	1	0	1
The only way to stop these animals is to hang them one by one in the city square so others from their culture can see what happens when you rape one of ours.	1	0	0
main purpuse of this contest is to destroy the lies and demagogie conceptions in the head of people made against national socialism and hitler given by the sionists in television.  and also to present the hitlerian culture and beauty. the beauty of hitler is national socialism.	1	0	0
I can hate fags on a full stomach or on an empty stomach.	1	0	1
- When Shep or the 5 come on, I go to One America News or Newsmax News on DirecTV. Both of those guys are beyond braindead & belong on Fake News Communist News Network (CNN) OR PMSNBC!  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  _  https://t.co/UAHe4D4DMx	1	0	1
"#Pedogate #Pizzagate #FollowTheWhiteRabbit  RIP  Democrat Party of No God, Pro Abortion, Pro Pedophilia, Pro Satanic Ritual Abuse of Children, sacrificing of infants drinking their blood, Pro Child rape & Snuff films of lil children being raped, then murdered selling the videos to psycopaths for big $$, Pro steal from America, Pro Muslim Brotherhood, Pro Illegal Immigration, Pro anything Anti American, Pro Terrorists, Pro Anti Constitution, Pro Lawbreakers, Pro Activist Criminal Judges, Pro Activist Criminal Law enforcement all levels, local, state and federal.   ""Bad to the Bone:"	1	0	0
YEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SCHOOL THOSE IDIOT LIBERALS!!!!!!!!!!	1	0	1
Note: a comedy show where the host made two negative references to Apartheid in South Africa- Leftists complain about the Boer people having held Black Monday - and  a third reference aimed at South African whites - as if the whites are still oppressing the Africans. 	1	0	0
Zionists are at the helm of it. Zionists goal is white genocide. They run all media. They are the puppet masters. But you're right about it not being all Jews. Some Zionists are not Jews...https://www.bitchute.com/video/NqSV97rxUJFi/	1	0	1
The Louisiana Purchase and the Civil War were loaded with slaves and Jewish Mayors and Generals on each side.  Grant expelled them all in 1862 for war profiteering.  4 generations later we will get this done and expel all the Jews.  World War Jew and the 80 year aftermath is not going to fly. 	1	0	0
You talk too much faggot. Quit projecting your insecurities onto others. 	1	0	1
Seems only fair that lefties who enjoy harassing ICE agents at home get equal treatment.	1	0	0
Oh please... If 13% of the population is committing 50% of the Fucking crimes, then the problem lies within your own culture.. Stop Fucking pointing fingers at other people. Start taking responsibility and stop being a little bitch.	1	0	1
Was being a little exaggerated and I don't hate Catholics, the church itself as a political body is on my shit list but for non theological reasons. Just find it best to fight fire with fire when dealing with jackasses like this guy.	1	0	1
Jeb is far to retarded, and he sucks up to HollyWood pedos and traitors.	1	0	1
Tulsi Gabbard is basically an out-and-out socialist and open-borders zealot. That's not crazy enough for modern D's, though. You have to also want war with Russia. And the poor girl just couldn't get her mind right on that issue.	1	0	0
WHY are the #Tories turning themselves into the lefty #LGBT perverts party?? Its the #Labour party that should be the weirdo #pedophile party. This is all Cameron's lefty legacy. 	1	0	0
When a race are forced to blend with another race.....a great crime against the right of a people to exist and nature is committed.... 	1	0	0
In case I'm gone tomorrow, please know this: I voted against that incompetent, lying, rabid, double-talking, radical socialist, terrorist excusing, narcissistic, economic moron that spent eight years in our White House trying to destroy our wonderful country and turn it into a Muslim loving, socialist crap hole like he came from and I don’t mean Hawaii!	1	0	0
the Saudis and Gulf states and America badly want to tick Syria of their destroy list	1	0	0
“My grandpa killed heaps of Nazi scum” 	1	0	0
Irrelevant. The vast majority of our illegal immigrants trashed their own homes.	1	0	0
Hmmm, if he really IS a pedophile, I say give his victims' parents baseball bats and lock them in a room with him. I'm sure the problem would take care of itself.	0	1	0
Well you may not have a problem with Jews, but they have a problem with you!	1	0	0
Seems to me the muslims will be slaughtering you street shitters right afterward too! LOL BYE BYE DOT HEAD	1	0	0
I always hated the ACLU. Totally un American group	1	0	0
When a shitskin day walker gets blasted by a white man	1	0	0
Only in #islam do they brainwash children to want to become #terrorists.	1	0	0
Most probably a brainwashed boomer😉	1	0	0
We're being invaded by South American walruses! https://youtu.be/5Ido2B4HqFM	1	0	0
Got WiFi working on the flight whitey no sand niggers just a KANG @Slav‍ @American_Conservative‍ @NorthStar1727‍ @Azda‍ @HoundOfUlster‍ @Fugginhuwitemale‍	1	0	1
Not all whites are the same. 	1	0	0
In America, Right Wing can best be described as people who are self-sufficient and want to be left alone.  Left Wing is best described as people who are dependent and want to tell everyone else what to do.	1	0	0
He might be a libtard.  Some libtards come here to be beaten, like Judge Dread-	1	0	0
Epic comment thread on Mollie Tibbett's self-hating-but-now-ironic 'I hate White people' Twatter post (also brutal stuff on other posts where she hates on Trump and his policies against illegal immigration).https://twitter.com/Motibbs/status/940792919266680...	1	0	0
Lets see.....remind me again who was president in 1997?   Oh that's right, it was the white trash POS from Arkansas!	1	0	0
Another black mother stated that a parent making EXCUSES that they never read the DRESS CODE book for the reason their Child did not meet the Dress Code - is IRRESPONSIBLE.	1	0	0
I think we America, as a Nation, are roaring full on toward peak-retard.	1	0	1
This is what Trump supports -  Here is what  Pedophile JEWS did to German women & children Hitler deported them. they settled in Hollywood,CA created the Film & Porn Industry in USA which they used to destroy America from within  https://www.darkmoon.me/2013/the-sexual-decadence-of-weimar-germany/	1	0	1
#MerylStreep, don't you feel awful for all the public sucking up you did to #HarveyWeinstein? Of course you don't, you pointy-nosed fake swamp hag. Because you're a jiggly bag of hypocrisy, just like him. Look in the mirror at the planks in your own beady eyes.   #Hollywood  #Libtards  #Weinstein	1	0	1
Got to watch the dirty stinking commies, they always have 3 or more uses for their tactics. They work for far less than the middle class. They see them as the replacement population too.  Get rid of the White Christian people of the west, bingo no more PINA US Constitution and rule of law in the way of unlimited power. 	1	0	0
People who say 'nobody's born a racist, you have to be taught' are also the ones who tell their children to be gay degenerates and killing white people is right.	1	0	1
to write an article calling us all far right xenophobic Islamophobic racists yet again , the entire establishment from national and local govnt, to police, to media are aligned against us , all complicit in the cover up of whats going on in OUR Nation	1	0	0
Christians are the only group that it is just fine to trash. Try this with Muslims and see what happens you oh so brave leftists! 	1	0	0
Carlos, you are not thinking, Jews are white men, you may not like it but it is true! Also it is precisely those Jews who created everything! Intelligence ranks Jews, Asian, whites, Spanish and blacks in the bottom. Don't bother getting upset with me, do the research. It is not nice, it is not kind but unfortunately it is true!	1	0	0
Tommy alerts us to symptoms, not the cure. I'm not saying that's without merit. Folk like you will not see how the Jews and racial demographics are killing us, because you only concentrate on Islam.	1	0	0
Now that I think about it, these tranny freaks who pump their bodies full of hormones/chemicals that destroy their actual, biological reproductive system... this is essentially eugenics. @Cantwell What better way to eliminate degenerate DNA than to trick mentally insane undesirable males to medically sterilize themselves via hormones for years, make it impossible for them to reproduce. I mean, yo...	1	0	0
"""If you are a gypsy, a homosexual or a Jew"" then you aren't a German."	1	0	0
Wanna bet this knife attacker kneels on a carpet to pray to his God. The Officials and the media will describe him as a lunatic. I'll describe him as a muslim who pray's to a false profit. Time for a Crusade!	1	0	0
These ideas need to be normalized, which is a big undertaking. 	1	0	0
I want ugly. I want revenge for the communist attacks of 2017.	0	1	0
yeah we wont be deleting these accounts so neo nazi fuckface trolls can steal the names and troll others with them.  this is my last day here in this raging dumpster fire.  I'm off to mewe and freezoxee.  fuck this shithole.	1	0	1
It is so funny that they are trying to do the same to those that supports POTUS. And before that, the Blacks in the 50's  It cost money to do all of this. Making signs and etc..How the Elites are paying these Libtards. That they were doing the same in the past  They were trying to create this atmosphere to get the POTUS to round up certain groups and put them in Fema camps	1	0	0
He's to much a coward	1	0	0
They are being created in our schools with our tax money!  Who are the bigger fools?	1	0	0
"I don't know what they are, but they all came on my page and called me ethnic slurs, like I would care. I'm sure they aren't as bad in reality as they are on here. They are probably just larping. But yeah, one lady announced to all her followers I was a ""kike"" in disguise, and a bunch of morons posted."	1	0	1
You would say we are not a people, ok you have your autistic definition. We are a group of peoples that have a shared history and have contributed more to the world, both ancient and modern than any other group.  I'm curious are you a Jew?	1	0	0
I saw it up close in AFG.  Manlove Thursdays.  I've never seen a culture (race) where evil radiates from their eyes.	1	0	0
GET the UN out of the USA and get the USA out of the UN. SCREW THE UN	1	0	0
The minority that will outbreed you  and make you the minority 	1	0	0
Non Jews are not really human, but are animals in the form of humans, so Jews won't have to be served by animals. 	1	0	1
"Cat got your tongue? It's a simple question, jew -- do you identify as a renegade jew?  Or merely a liar? Do you hate the ""American"" Jewish Committee and their official position for all Overseas Israelis?  Or do you agree with their view, but feel compelled to lie to the goyim about it?  "	1	0	0
THESE EAT BABIES... HIVITES ... EVIL LINE  	1	0	0
That Time Telco Lobbyists Sent Me All Their Talking Points About Trying To Shift The Blame To Internet Companies https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20180829/1803074...	1	0	0
StacyOnTheRight: MSM Tells Black Boys They Can’t Succeed - ALEX JONES INFOWARS https://youtu.be/RvFAB5nMud8	1	0	0
Yeah fucking right Donald, you ran because you were bailed out by a high ranking (((Jew))) financially which made you in debt to the (((Jews))). You are clearly not interested in helping America and especially white Americans. 	1	0	0
That ones wearing a bit thin now gimpy. Liking the promptness though. The best slaves are the punctual ones.	1	0	0
The LAWLESS LIBERAL DEMONcrats are to blame for these False Accusations against #Kavanaugh!! Get'em #PresidentTrump!! Pray for #Kavanaugh and his family!! #Kavanaugh #IStandWithBrett #ConfirmKavanaughNow #Trump2020!! #MAGA!! #KAG!!	1	0	0
"Hard to know whish is the bigger tosser: Churchill or Islam. Churchill sent thousands of British troops to an unnecessary death. And as to the bygone era comment ""loyal soldiers of the Queen"" and ""Christianity is sheltered in the strong arm of science"" don't make me laugh! Religion and science have nothing in common in any religion!"	1	0	0
"Sheer audacity of the cuck ben shapiro His explanation is ""I wasn't wrong, Trump was wrong"" He says Trump campaigned different to what he is governing as, and he's broken every promise by doing not what he stated, but 90% of what Ben wanted. Fucking foul, slimy liar. He lied before, and he lies now."	1	0	1
Do it right.  Date and marry white. No race mixing, fam. 	1	0	0
"I'd bet a bag full of the finest jew hair that my level of hatred for kikes surpasses the entirety of the 220 million dog eating chinks in Chinkland. Not only are The Yellow Jew patterning their own culture after the bugman mentality, they are actively spewing bioindustrial waste all over their land in the name of ""progress."" Chinks are kike knockoffs. Gas 'em."	1	1	0
#Feminism is an infection! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_8hLQmfudM	1	0	0
Is it time the Cowardly Police of Common Core faced OUR wrath?  https://gellerreport.com/2018/04/british-police-fear-muslim-rage.html/	1	1	0
Really sick of seeing #hatehasnohome signs in this moonbat town. Hate DOES have a home in my life. I hate those who want to destroy me (and my way of life) because of my faith, I hate #abortion, and calling belief in the bible #intolerance. Even God hates things.   #liberals  #faith  #God  #stupidsigns	1	0	0
Did he also hire a fag Jew before he was redpilled?	1	0	1
The Axis of Evil:    Boomers - Anglos - Libertarians.	1	0	0
why not deport them all?? these are criminals. now taxpayers have to put the bill for keeping the children. communist democraps trying to cover up the scandal from the IG report 	1	0	0
This is the point you say fuck the UK and immigrate elsewhere.	1	0	0
LOL I love it that  they straight out  deny the not so holy kike book ,and without  IT their fake ass religion goes straight  down the drain LOL	1	0	1
I deleted the posts that offended all ye cute widdle snowflake bitches.  	1	0	0
As long as there is lots of shooting and terrorist fighting and women that aren't transgenders is what matters. 	1	0	0
Don't understand the Logic of killing Black people if your Alt Right 	1	0	0
This old Jew Witch will die lonely.	1	0	0
Also, ALL Muzzies who commit crimes/terrorism, if they have native born children, should see those kids turned over to white CHRISTIAN families to be raised CHRISTIAN and ANTI-muzlim	1	0	0
Interesting. Isn't any written Arabic until the time Mohamed slaughtered Jews & forced survivors to teach Arabs how to read & write. Arabic is a crazy language, based on Hebrew, with many rules & even more exceptions to those rules. Suggests the subjugated Jews were having a long-term laugh. No real beauty in Arabic... except for its dirty words. Nick Nafsak	1	0	0
Save yourselves from deadly Commie-globalists, at all costs, literally.	1	0	0
Why do t we say truth: communism is the religion of the antichrist. Period.  Death destruction evil opposition of Gods fruitful goodness.	1	0	0
After WWII if Jews would have just kept their heads down, their mouths shut and integrated into society none of the things they feared would have ever happened. Now they're looking at a self-fulfilling prophecy. 	1	0	0
Commiecrats; vile and disgusting traitorous vomit!	1	0	1
Another coward liberal muslim sycophant killer in gun free zone 	1	0	0
Never knew their Talmud states it is ok to rape 3 yr olds . This is sic & perverted.	1	0	0
What do you expect in a state that elected Terri McAliffe to be gov? The dense, in both senses, libtards around DC and Hampton Roads would elect a stump. I think this clown is in center of state so there is hope. Remember, we did get Brat into congress.	1	0	1
I took a look at Hogg's twitter and half the posts are from blacks pretending to hate guns so they can participate in the hysteria of the moment.  How ironic that the Shaniquas can pretend they hate guns when half their family is Glocked up.  Only conservatives can manage to prop this kid up	1	0	0
No shit God doesn’t like ugly. That’s why he’s persecuted these rats all throughout history. Well that, and they killed his son. The baby dick eaters will be held accountable again. As will you for supporting them. 	1	0	1
Another jew who thinks anyone gives a damn about his opinion. Since we are naming the jew, I will name this one Schleppy.	1	0	0
"Ohhhhh I get it. Christ said ""thou shalt open thy heart, thy borders, and thine buttholes for brown people or else thou is the worst sin of all, a racist."""	1	0	0
Well said. About time someone called him out for talking trash. Mullahs making threats is a joke anyway, you would think one of them might be intelligent enough to avoid sounding retarded, but no. Sorta cheapens the threat when you talk like a five year old off his Ritalin.	1	0	0
Now that Infowars has been hit by the Silicon Valley Death Star, I am amazed Twitter didn’t join in. But they are the same liberal far left trash and probably wanted to join the other kids kicking a dog when it’s down. Scum.	1	0	0
I have the caucacity to not give a shit about starving nigglets in apefrica.	1	0	1
""" We started work at 15"" Maybe some American teenagers would like to work as well and get some work experience? Oh, no, they can't do that because your kind supported and still supports cheap brown labor. Have fun being tortured by a nigger in some derelict nursing home."	1	0	1
Bath house Barry needs to move back to Kenya immediately!!! #nigger	1	0	1
Yes liberals please keep showing everyone your true colors. You platform for the poor and impoverished of our nation and then bitch about a tax plan that relieves the tax burden on the poorest. *shakes head* Pathetic.	1	0	0
SUPPORT THE RAM 4. FREE THE RAM 4!  	1	0	0
"""burritos and tacos are not staples of Spanish cuisine, right?"" No, shit mixed with cockroaches is."	1	0	0
People don't talk about this—the history books certainly don't—but it's true, Nazi chocolatiers have a lot to answer for, despite the whitewashing given to the $wi$$ von Trapps. The Nuremberg Trials steered clear of any discussion of mass confectionery, and is that a surprise? Now you know what those ovens were for and why so many teeth went missing.	1	0	0
Um, no, this is fucking retarded. A moron pontificating about incorrect moron things, and trying to force his ideology on another culture. 	1	0	1
.And Fuck your lame ass logo also you fuckin homos!	1	0	1
#HitlerWasRight  	1	0	0
#memes I'm looking for memes about how truly enslaved you are if you are fat cuckold to the NWO 'freedom' of capitalism. Who gots em?	1	0	1
And well, I could have told her not to even try breaking into the Hugo circlejerk: Scalzi and his merry band of drooling mouth-breathers are so insular even the correct groupthink isn't enough these days. She'd have to be a left-handed midget lesbian Eskimo albino for more token POC cred, and she's a white chick. 3/3 #YesIMadeADeadMilkmenReference	1	0	0
Trudeau has about as much testosterone as my castrated dog after a military drill .. Get that idiot cuck boy out of office in a hurry please .. #MuhRainbowColoredSocks	1	0	1
"Ronald Reagan, while seeking public office, told a Jewish audience in California that ""It might help your cause if you would limit your claims of victims to numbers that you could actually prove."" A reporter noted that ""the audience began to hiss like geese, in a rapidly rising cacophony while the aspiring politician dashed to the wings LOL"	1	0	0
@jolokia @ThePraedor‍  	1	0	0
Oh wow. 1984 is really here. The British police are a bloody disgrace, A National disgrace. More concerned with twerking at LGBT and painting their nails and polishing their stilettos. They are nothing but an embarrassing joke! Sitting on Prayer Mats in a Mosque is the biggest insult to the British people.	1	0	0
https://youtu.be/Lm_3sJ8CRuU 	1	0	1
Feminist Women are Women who have sadly gone down the collective insanity that is Modernity and have adopted Kike Tactics to not only LITERALLY Kill and Maim Men but also to Psychologically Dominate their own Women. 	1	0	1
"Sen Heitkamp Dir. Details Bait & Switch ""… when she gets elected she's going to be super liberal. Another Lying Liberal Pretending to be a Moderate. "	1	0	0
I can believe it. Indeed, above us is an actual homosexual mafia with kike agitators. Few things are despised more than a straight man, especially a straight white man trying to get pussy.	1	0	1
Let's talk about Bill's Pedophilia& @HillaryClinton’s #BenghaziProblems http://tomjefferson1976.wordpress.com/?s=benghazi  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLYvLoPvR9w&feature=youtu.be	1	0	0
"Judge Andrew Napolitano straight-up LIED on @FoxBusiness' ""@VarneyCo"" today. He stated that ""As soon as illegal immigrants step foot on US soil, they have rights... and to stop that we'd have to change the Constitution.""   Which is TOTAL FUCKING BULLSHIT.  #Treason #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll #DACA"	1	0	1
its typical of the jew to argue that right-wingers are low iq and to defend truly low iq minorities	1	0	0
Hey pendejo, if Mexico is so good why are you leaving? Clearly you'd be happier there. Stupid wetbacks. 	1	0	1
"Big Tech has no interest in ""Democracy"". They're sold out to the Chinese. Democracy without individual rights is a dangerous thing anyhow, and big Tech isn't big on individual rights."	1	0	0
Go fuck your fat nigger dad	1	0	1
Islam is NOT a religion, it is a criminal, political and military doctrine bent on complete subjugation of all others. It is off-the-scale evil!	1	0	0
I feel the same about leftists now. I want NOTHING to do with them. Over the last 18 months, I’ve seen the insanity and it doesn’t stop, gets worse and worse. I honestly thought they were caring people before. I was naive. President Trump brought out their true colours.	1	0	0
Wtf, are you saying that #Trump is not literally #Hitler?  Go ahead, say some shit about the Easter Bunny!  I don't even know you anymore.	1	0	1
😂 	1	0	1
Tranvesties are just as fucked up as pedos. Both should be banned from all western societies.   https://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2018/0...	1	0	1
I can hardly see Kathir being a hypocrite, looks like you’ve found another liar for Allah playing silly buggers with the infidel @fakeprophetmo	1	0	1
JEWS LIE	1	0	0
"Liberals claim its bad to talk with a dictator.  They claim it's bad to talk with Kim or show him respect.  It's called ""FACE""  Funny how liberals claim to be all about diversity and multiculturalism yet they know nothing about negotiation or Asian culture.  #Trump #Politics #News  #Korea  @a "	1	0	0
Why it means something different to me, that the Holocaust may have been faked, and in actuality the Jewish refugees were/may have been treated the BEST by Nazi Germany? 	1	0	1
Animal lovers are anti-human psychopaths and need to be drowned in pig blood.	0	1	0
LEFT HAVE LOST THEIR MINDS ! WHAT LITTLE BRAINS THEY HAD ! Left-wing media panic over Supreme Court turning right, as some link Trump to newspaper shooting  http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2018/07/01/left-wing-media-panic-over-supreme-court-turning-right-as-some-link-trump-to-newspaper-shooting.html	1	0	1
it's the niggers who are racists, I was told this by a jamican guy I know, their totally different..i loath Nigerians most blacks from Africa I can't stand.. 	1	0	1
President Macron must be thanking his lucky stars that Britain has a PC obsessed PM Theresa My who has sacrificed Britain's relations with the US for the sake of getting a nod of approval from the loony liberal left. That woman has caused so much damage to UK it is amazing she is still there.	1	0	0
They look like typical white trash.	1	0	1
FACT: Pedophilia and the ritualized maiming of children are rampant among Amazonian tribes. The logging companies destroying the rain forest are just a front for a secret brotherhood of vigilantes who have decided to take justice into their own hands.	1	0	0
They tired to overthrow our goddam government!!  	0	1	0
Can't have white nationalism without a harem of white women 	1	0	0
I think this old article is by Bill Cooper; he's not keen on Chuckie Schumer and let's be honest, unless you're a raging communo-fascist, who is? https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Do01zHkUUAA5PLN.jpg	1	0	0
>Hitler was gaaaay 	1	0	1
Biden is either going both blind and senile because his taste isn't very good. Or maybe he just had a taste for sausage?	1	0	0
I said it, and I stand by it! Blacks get almost all of their cultural cues and information from rap and sports. It's not like they're reading books or anything. https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x6bdre0	1	0	0
>muh high IQ and creativity   >invests in a shekel grabbing operation by a turk and south indian street shitter    Good job, Alt-right. You're a bunch of weak fags who are easily duped	1	0	0
Based Potato Niggers boycotting israel. 	1	0	0
So, when a man commits suicide its an emotionally abusive act and further proof that men are inherently violent.  Nothing whatsoever to do with how women have trained institutions and the justice system to unfairly destroy the lives of men at the drop of a hat. Its official.  She's a FUCKING CUNT.  I hope she enjoys her cats.	1	0	0
WE know that mate just have a look at the UK and you can see what Uncontolled Immigration has done! Fucked up a once great country!	1	0	1
@TexasRancher45‍  	1	0	1
You can have civilization or you can have leftism. You cant have both.	1	0	0
You can tell Gab is the place to be, even Dem derps are here now trying to latch onto our feeds talking sh!t looking for attention. I don’t care to address them directly, but I will say that my mute button is fond of them already.	1	0	1
You have to frame the issue in a way a leftist can understand it: The Democrats are racist for supporting neo-colonialism and the 1st world exploitation of 3rd world intellectual capital by keeping all of these aspiring doctors and lawyers here in this racist country! #EndDACA	1	0	0
This is so typical of Demoncrats, they take something that starts out good and turn it into an oppressive movement. They can't help themselves, it's some kind of mental disorder.	1	0	0
The only thing non-islamic about islamic terrorism is the technology used... islam froze 1500 years ago - Mohammed was considered perfect, what need to change? https://www.rt.com/uk/417704-islamist-terrorism-hill-stop/	1	0	0
This Black guy likes to use big words. Too bad he is a racist.	1	0	0
SOROS' Five Steps To Inialate Eourpe. . 1) Buy Off The Top Politicians Of European Counties 2) Buy Off The Top Leadership Of The EU 3) Buy Of The Top Media CEO's Not To Cover Negative Stories. 4) Transport Muslims & Africans To Europe.  5) Get The United State & EU To Pay For It.  	1	0	0
"""Pope Francis 'changes' Church teaching on death penalty, says it is immoral.""  Ironic.  I think Francis and all of his kid-diddling charlatans should kill themselves in the public square."	1	1	1
Maybe not a Muslim  but possibly a narcissist 	1	0	0
This is one low life, disgusting bitch. Extremely ugly, to boot. If I had a dog, that looked like this bitch, I would shave his rear end, & make him walk backwards. 	1	1	1
But there are flathead ,we call mouth breathing libtards	1	0	1
Today is “International Vulture Awareness Day” Who knew ? 🤷🏼‍♂️ There are some left wing carcuses out there....just sayin !	1	0	0
You know dirty Moslems eat the bacon on the down low....	1	0	0
bastard was born in Kenya & never set foot in Hawaii until  3 yrs old. They even screwed up his fake BC calling his race African American. At that time it was Negro.  .  Once he got 2 Hawaii the people there hated his guts. He was kicking & assaulting all the white kids in a very expensive private school, so who paid for that??    Obama prostituted himself 4 cocaine money. 	1	0	1
I like ppl, generally easy going person. I work on it very hard at times. I try to understand others point of view. But personally I'm getting sick of seeing women (usually #libtards) put themselves in a man's face and talk all kinds of sht! Lady's please, don't act like a feminazi dyke. It's not safe. #justsayin	1	0	1
https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/hurricane-mar... Thats a lot more DemonRat voters.	1	0	0
That means you have bitch kegel muscles, lol kegel exercises are as important as lifting and if you have weak kegels you are a fag	1	0	1
The Jew is to the Muslim as the snake handler is to the snake. They are just getting bit by their pet. The Jews are the source of the problem.	1	0	0
Ummm it's called free speach Communist! That's the way it is around here , you don't like it because you can't do jack shit about it. This is not twatter, this is not faggbook, THIS..IS..GAB!	1	0	1
Amazing how the guy who wrote/directed the greatest libertarian TV show of all time (Firefly) and the greatest libertarian movie of all time (Serenity) turned into such a far-left idiot. Yeah, talking about 'male feminist' Trump-hating moron Joss Whedon.	1	0	1
it is really sad to see women abuse men so horribly. It makes me sick. Who cares that they hate themselves and their lives, they do need to be accountable and not ruin mens lives. I agree we should start calling their employers, etc about how hateful and vile their behavior is. 	1	0	0
there is a great discrepancy between whites and blacks in  SA.   it is partly because of past grievances and also because blacks will always be  the most backward race in the world.  	1	0	0
Also as property tax may still be low there, is there a way around the niggertax and possibly a separate or new city council that serves white people? Meaning,,all the property tax goes towards the white community	1	0	1
Find the guilty bastards, hang them from their balls and spin them!!!	1	1	1
"So hating Islam is okay. Hating socialism is okay. Hating communism is okay. But hating Jews is low-IQ knuckle dragging. Then, you go on to strawman the massive over-representation of Jews as a ""few jewish names"" and simply refuse to address the JQ, altogether. You try to tie Jews to ""OT ideology"" and say it isn't dangerous, while ignoring the Talmud and Quabbalhism, which are deadly. As is Sabateean Frankism. The Bible refers to jew sects as the Synagogue of Satan, and your average Jew hates white people and Christianity, as they help flood white nations with those Muzzies you hate so much, as the shooter highlighted in his posts and commonly found on other's gab posts, which you called Islamic propaganda. You jew, bro?"	1	0	0
Technically possible that South Africa is a systemic risk for West and the East.  1. Export health risk (40% of deaths attributed to AIDS) 2. Security risk (Desire to attack whites and American soldiers in Venezuela specifically) 3. Highly transacted currency and logistic impediment. @alternative_right @ANV @seamrog @arquatrix @KMGVictoria	1	0	0
Please share the following, People. This is stuff the fake-stream media and dhimmi governments want to keep from you because it's GRAPHIC exposure of the TRUE islam. Share it fast, too as the places it's being posted are being PAID to help the islamic caliphate by suppressing things like this ... 	1	0	0
I'd let the white Europeans stay. Deport all the non-whites at this point. I'm past the point of caring.	1	0	0
It's okay, bro, I don't give a shit about Moonman.	1	0	1
The Allied Health professional community will NEVER advocate for 2 demographs with increasingly worsening health disparities.. 	1	0	0
Never forget the Psycho Liberals booed God. It boggles the mind that they think they have any moral authority or can claim the moral high ground on anything! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder	1	0	1
Well fuck them. Excuse the language but I've been pissed off over this since listening to that terrible acting job with the little baby voice bitch. I don't believe anything happened and I think she was a drunken slut in high school judging by her yearbook. I think this is such a coordinated setup that all but the most dense must see through. Ford would make a good supporting cast member in the remake of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest but for the so-called hearing? D- and that's being generous. 	1	0	1
@DottieSnow @Votezaktaylor @MDB50 @TexasVet @OpSec @Jami_USA @SaltWater @HighPriestess @fatpedlar @dtj343 @mattforney    The left is violent and they lie about it, and now they try to hide.  My new article. http://www.michaelfmartin.com/why-are-the-politici...	1	0	0
Let's be honest. Retards should be aborted. They ruin families' lives. They're a general curse on society. That means abortion is GOOD depending on use. So then we enumerate when abortion is good and either prohibit it when it's not, disincentivize it, preclude it, or whatever.	1	0	0
Meanwhile, South Africans are being murdered for being White and there’s a genocide going on.	1	0	0
Needs the snot beat outta him	0	1	0
LOVE! Love for America Love for Americans. It is love Obama, you Muslim dung pile a homosexual such as yourself would not know it could not understand it.	1	0	1
Exactly, but people in Britain and Sweden don't seem to understand this yet. They are too chicken to blame the jew.	1	0	0
With conservatives? yes. they lack intelligence.	1	0	0
Mexico is like living next door to a tweeker that steals all your shit, gets your kid on drugs and fucks your wife.	1	0	0
"Sociopathic liberals think a 3 year old being raped and murdered is justified because ""Muy oppression""."	1	0	0
Leftys respond to articles without reading them? #notsoshockingnews	1	0	0
"I Clearly remember ""children should be seen and not heard"" That was an era of suffocation and disorders.You name it.Oh,wait it has already been named !!! Why now ???? Children have become Pawns !!!! It must PAY well.By the way what is the ""Payoff"""	1	0	0
FINALLY ! 👍😁   Twitter suspended my account.   Glad I'm done with it.   No more waste of time making some piece of shit like Jack Dorsey rich and keeping a bunch of leftist activists employed.	1	0	1
This fucking shitshow must come to an end.	1	0	1
"The Democrat Party has ONE MISSION - to destroy the USA and if YOU press the ""D""ummy lever - you are helping... https://twitter.com/charliekirk11/status/1049789354984361984"	1	0	0
Jew Liar tries to make a point eh?	1	0	0
Damn Judge. Here I was hoping that you would shoot them for being Stupid. 	0	1	0
Who cares what John Dean says. The commies keep living in the past.	1	0	0
And that's how the holohoax started...and don't forget them declaring war on Germany and Hitler....and where did they come from mostly...fresh from the Bolshevik Revolution where an actual Holocaust transpired that they were implicitly involved with....🤬	1	0	0
TWO explosions rock Sweden tonight.    Twin bombs exploded outside an apartment complex in Varnhem.    According to Peter Sweden: that's NINE explosions in Sweden in just the past 12 days.    Perhaps we should 'Look at what happened in Sweden last night' and admit multiculturalism doesn't work.   #YWNRU	1	0	0
I'm not sure where to begin with this video. But I will just say #whitelivesmatter and #saynotofeminism 	1	0	0
They were ineffective before Charlottesville. 	1	0	1
"""the same basic rights as Jewish Israeli citizens. They even serve in the Knesset and on the Israeli Supreme Court""  Yeah.  Back on the Plantation, those were called ""House Niggers"".  Thanks for proving the point so eloquently. "	1	0	1
WARNING GRAPHIC video of elephant killing a streetshitter in what looks like some type of mall in India. I just hope the elephant came out of the situation unscathed. https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=sMFXY_1527454720	1	0	0
Reject Christianity and its Jew lies and Im in. #bloodandsoil #wearenotsemites	1	0	0
“I’m mentally ill, having mutilated my own genitals because I cannot accept how God made me. You should absolutely take my opinions on politics seriously.” 	1	0	1
The kids used to eat them... I tried one once... it made me feel... you know... gay...	1	0	1
The real reason straight from the horse mouth this time LGBT Activist Masha Gessen: Gay Marriage is about the destruction of Marriage https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uVqdYN2RVo&t=...	1	0	0
I do not call him IslamaObama for nothing he is a Shia Muslim follow Americans Money he gave away The absolute worst President of our History! In my opinion he was the true plant of Iran that the DEMONCRATS facilitated!	1	0	1
Send that little cunt to the guillotine, then mount his head on a spike and have it decorate the outside of the whitehouse.	0	1	1
Looks like a paedo faggot, it's not called the Jewdicial system for nothing.	1	0	1
The kike supporters must be paid by the hour. Can't they at least mention how great White America used to be before Jewish propaganda spread the lies of a holocaust, while ignoring the hundred million Whites under Jewish Communism were murdered in a few decades? 	1	0	1
Keep your ass on the plantation. Your white liberal mass' as will take care of you.	1	0	1
I'm not an american you silly fucking cunt. 	1	0	0
National Genocide Service, anti-biotics, chemotherapy, mental medication, people need to pay for their own heathcare and exorcise this giant demon.	1	0	0
INVALIDATE Obastard's presidency first.👹	1	0	0
Listen to this nigger bitch totally loosing her shit.  Unhinged subhumans.  https://www.facebook.com/alexis.brison.52/videos/406305666450041/	1	0	1
International womens day today eh, hope the ladies are doing their bit to level up the 95% of workplace deaths and 66% suicide rate. I worry for boys growing up now, told they are toxic, brought up with few male role models/teachers and assumed to be potential rapists.  Never mind, we are disposable.	1	0	0
Fuck Israhell... I suppose they'll have karma bite them hard eventually	1	0	1
She just needs some bloke to grow a pair, and hatefuck some sense into her. 	1	0	1
Socialism is Evil incarnate and those who support it are leeches too lazy to work and pay their own way, Show me a lazy person and I will point out they are also likely a thief	1	0	0
Rules of civil discourse, parody, satire, or really any level of intelligent lampooning, do not apply to negroes. They are obsessed with dicks, their own or other men. #NoHomo	1	0	1
Well... fuck you too Spotify. A disgusting picture designed to humiliate the White people of Australia...	1	0	1
Failure to show empathy - Up to 6 months in jail or an unlimited fine. 	1	0	1
Bourdain was an anti white anti West lowlife fucking cunt... Pure leftist trash, probably couldn't handle the fact that all the spin and propaganda on Trump is doing fuck all, and that the progressive utopia (1984) which Obama almost implemented and Clinton was to finish is falling apart.. 	1	0	1
The ultimate 'ends justifying the means' - but Putin seems to have some integrity. Doing that to israel would also harm his allies and their people in a big way. Unlike the jew and the zionist controlled US govt, I can't see him being that monstrous.  	1	0	0
No one gives a fuck about Pagans.  The issue is the alliance between race-traitor Christians, and our Enemies, the Jews.	1	0	0
Fuck the Middle East.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5Pi7BVGy_8	1	0	0
Dems are in fact Nazi-fascist communists. Fact.	1	0	0
The Civil War wasn't about emancipation of slaves. There was little to no argument about slavery at the time. A small percentage of abolitionists wanted to end it. The vast majority of Americans were fine with it -- including Lincoln. If anything, he wanted to ship slaves out of the country. The Civil War started over tariffs, over $$, over the South's right to secede, which Lincoln was not going to allow. He took on dictatorial powers and violated the Constitution at every turn to enforce his will.	1	0	0
Most got community service. White children's lives are garbage to the left who need the Muslim vote. Similar to how the left desperately need immigrant votes in the U.S as black Americans are waking up to the truth.	1	0	0
Don't scam them. That's like the rabbi spraypainting a swastika on his temple. Whites are better than that. Honor über alles.	1	0	0
Bring ladders to scale walls, tarps to cover barbed wire, rebar to subdue police and bolt cutters to open gates. Pro tip: larger mosques invariably contain a stash of modern combat weapons; storm and seize them.	1	0	0
"Something curious- they're all female. well,       almost     Are leftist men are hiding behind their skirts, assuming ""real men"" won't hurt (in this case arrest/ imprison) women?   I noticed the use of women as the Left's front line when ""Screaming Mimi"" Fellarca was shrieking ""GET OFF OUR STREETS"" in Berkeley.    Fuck 'em if THEY CAN'T TAKE A JOKE.  They're all targets."	1	0	0
Faggot, fruit-pop, Islame-O loving, little libtard creep!	1	0	1
NFL crap, XFL why not? I want to see 1970's football again. Sick of these meathead showboating overpaid vaginas.To be brutally honest a concussion might enhance their life, however we know it's all bullshit,Troy Aikman is gainfully employed after a dozen concussions. The paycheck is a bonus. Fuck stupid overpaid niggers,spending good money on tattoos.	1	0	1
Noor was on the force so that the city could say they weren't xenophobic. 	1	0	0
"Is she? Yeah no accounting for her mental disabilities. I also posted Scarlette Johansan even though i know she is a lunatic after supporting hildabeast clinton. But hey, this is about ""hot""..... not about ""brains"""	1	0	0
Who knows! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ All I know is the less brown people the better! :D Although... :\ Perhaps I'm distracted by the prospect of blowing up brown people. While failing to see them coming in the back door!?!? D:	1	0	0
Oh, you are trying to talk about the Genocide of your race, on an international level? Arrest them for hate speech!!!Take away the pen and a man is forced to war. This is how you manifest the situation of a world wide war. Congratulations United Kingdom, you have become full on Communist Extremists. Now, you force an uprising, with the White British.	1	0	0
But, just kicked your ass as a Christian. 	1	0	1
"Very good....one wonders how long it will be until they are,  once again,  viewed as the ""white devils""? "	1	0	0
You can't fix STUPID with any schooling!	1	0	0
Fuck that guy anyways, he was a part of the Muslim brotherhood. Saudis did us a favor for once. 	1	0	1
"White fence-sitters: Look at the pics. That's considered ""social justice."" Now let me ask: You think there'll be a day, once you're the minority in your own country, they'll step back and say, ""I think whites have had enough, let's stop""? That there's any other inevitable conclusion to this escalation except our genocide? They HATE you. Think about it!"	1	0	0
This is the level of self-hatred harboured by those of European descent. 	1	0	0
"Expect Cheerleading squads to go the way of horse drawn carriages, buggy whips and manners.   ////  All thrown out by ""well meaning"" educators in favor of fat, ugly, purple haired cheerleaders who are there to lecture us like ESPN did.  Another Left wing liberal piece of crap destruction."	1	0	0
Trey Gowdy Demolishes FBI Rat Peter Strzok At Live Congressional Hearing  https://animeright.news/ar14/trey-gowdy-demolishes-fbi-rat-peter-strzok-at-live-congressional-hearing/	1	0	0
Stop looking at raw totals you dumb faggot. 	1	0	1
No crying,taking our country back from the leftist sexual perverts.	1	0	0
So if #robots can plant the food; pick the food; and serve the food, why do we need #illegalaliens again?  Not to vote #democrat. They have already moved on to simply changing the counts.  https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-08-26/robot-ma...	1	0	0
The difference is about 350 lbs. Shes so fat even the bathtub has stretch marks. When she hauls ass she has to make 3 trips. She went to weight watchers and everyone stood around and watched her. She has to keep 5 bags of cement on the passenger seat to keep her car from flipping over. At the restaurant they bring over a spoon, a knife and a fork lift.	1	0	1
Jews are doing the 21st century equivalent of burning books.  As always, they project onto their enemies what they themselves are actually doing.	1	0	0
Planned Parenthood is fighting back against Blacks catching on to what Margaret Sanger was all about: Limiting the Black population. It's why she formed PP in the first place.  So now, billboards making it look bright and shiny and liberating to kill off their unborn.	1	0	0
Your white friends need to be bitch-slapped.	1	0	0
white Americans are the only Americans #Philosophy	1	0	0
"""Coming to you next, Jews have found a new way to kill Aryans, and yes it will all happen in space."""	1	0	0
The Parkland shooter was probably a virgin......	1	0	0
to suck evry nigger cock in that shithole country why else would anyone go there? 🙄	1	0	1
I really had enough of this LGBTQHIVAIDS crowd. Fuck off back to mental hospitals. 	1	0	1
It's awesome to be white.	1	0	0
You are a pathological, two-faced man-child who has never been in an even remotely violent situation in your entire sheltered life. Unless you count that time you were involuntarily commited to a psych ward, where some 300lb bull queer orderly forced a handful of benzodiazepines down your throat.	1	0	0
Leader of the Judeo-Christian-Zionist megacult, John Hagee celebratin' with his owners in Israel.  	1	0	0
Let's do one more thing: announce that henceforth, anyone ever deported for entering the US illegally will be banned for life from ever visiting the US on a visa, or ever emigrating here legally, and refused any amnesty for cause, even if it's someday offered to those already here. Caught once, banned for life. Caught here a second time: Fly Air Trebuchet home	1	0	0
Britain is OUT OF TIME my friend.  Soon, they will TRULY resemble a 3rd World shithole, making Sweden look like a paradise. 	1	0	1
There should be Jihad against Israel. Israel is a terrorist state that tricks dumb Americans/Europeans to fight their wars for them. Also, Rabbis suck on bloody baby dicks in public. They're evil garbage!	1	0	1
Unfortunately only get out in public two or three times a month.... less during winter... must protect health (heart)... DO NOT get flu shot and protect yourself, diseases once gone in America are back due to IMPORTED MUSLIMS, TERRORISTS, MEXICANS and OTHERS... AMERICA NOW AT MERCY OF WORLD DISEASES... THAT IS THE PLAN ... THINK GMO	1	0	1
#Democrat controlled #shithole. Homeless Make Parks So Dangerous Workers Need Police Escorts   https://youtu.be/XoGEYVfnc2E	1	0	0
We will not be silenced. Fuck you #Twitter & Facebook #Liberal thugs are the scum of the earth.	1	0	1
I've got your big OT right here, faggot. 	1	0	1
Yesterday I confused liberals with the philosophy of how opinions work and how facts can be easily disproved. I triggered 2 men who were incapable of comprehending that everyones opinion is THEIR opinion.     Not sure why liberals love shaming opinions.   Tell liberals their opinions are wrong: 2pt each	1	0	0
Gosh. Antifa are a bunch of fags.	1	0	0
Bunch of faggot ass pussies in the EU army. 10 of their soldiers equal 1 of ours, and that is being generous to the EU. Fuck em	1	0	1
Twitter kike ADL assholes suspended the account. Can we Americans imprison and then kill all the nation wrecking jews yet?	1	0	0
Just got home. What the fuck happened today? 	1	0	1
"So-called ""Gay Marriage"" was at one time illegal and now they are legal.  And just like you are cool with it now because your moral compass rests on shifting sands, you will find a way to rationalize child rape once it's legalized and supported by popular opinion. "	1	0	0
'...a group of men who worked towards a plot to bomb the Toronto Stock Exchange, shoot up the CBC headquarters and storm Parliament Hill in Ottawa. They wanted to behead then-prime minister Stephen Harper.'  https://torontosun.com/opinion/columnists/malcolm-...  The point where The Cowardly Maggot #CdnMedia #CBC became #Muslim sympathizers??	1	0	1
yeah when the Wall wasn't the very first thing he tried to get done i figured it was never gonna happen.  	1	0	0
The French are a bunch of pussies.	1	0	1
McConnell says only senators will see FBI's Kavanaugh report  (They best take them to the little room and let them read it only. Most of the Dems can't read. If you give the little demon Dems a copy they will leak it immediately. Democrats have no honor!) 	1	0	0
Rosanne is right, she does look like a planet of the apes monkey! 	1	0	0
Almost 1 of every 4 human beings is retarded, pedophile, terrorist, incestious, sadist, delusional or just crazy. 	1	0	1
No. Those niggers are using race as a method of attacking the Republicans. Just as the white Dems are doing. It's all they have left. They wanted to seperate themselves from whites so they could ALWAYS use the RACE CARD when they didn't get their way. White Supremacy is not the problem. The problem is Black Dependency.	1	0	1
Another 3rd world shitholer in our country. Send the filth back to her 3rd world country of origin & let her work in the rice fields and pull donkey carts.  This is a result of Diversity BS	1	0	0
"So far I see a Diamond Pinky ring a Gold Watch and a Gold Necklace (None of which I have as a White Male) The ""White Man"" is not holding him back much.."	1	0	0
No, Satan rules the world, but Judaism serves him.	1	0	0
GOOD 	1	0	0
And if this catches on, Sweden will ban spoons claiming they’re utensils of islamophobia.	1	0	0
DISGUSTING, OBSCENE, INSANE, INDECENT, EMBARRASSING......DEMORATS HAVE NOTHING POSITIVE FOR AMERICA!	1	0	0
I expect no patriotism from anyone that works in Seattle. Nuke the city. No loss.	0	1	0
The philosophy jews use to undermine moral principles is relativism. A bullshit philosophy claiming nothing exists and we are all magical gods. Jews are the biggest pushers of this and understandably so given their incentives	1	0	1
A gay 9 year old is like a vegan cat - we all know who's really making the choices.	1	0	0
"Lol the Austin bomber was ""white"" so I guess Niggers will assume he's a Nazi Trump supporter. They'll all play victim per Nigger and Jew code. Niggers never change."	1	0	1
Canada? Strict immigration laws? Under Trudeau, they're definitely not being enforced. We have a third party agreement with the US, which means illegal border jumpers from one of the two countries to the other are automatically denied refugee status and sent back. If someone makes a failed refugee claim in one country they don't get to border hop to the other and claim refugee status there.	1	0	0
Afghani lives don't matter. 	1	0	1
DEATH PENALTY for ALL Pedos.	0	1	0
You're conflating. Omninationalists are anti-imperialism and anti-colonization, and other white nationalists only care about white nationalism and empire. Combining two sets into one set does not work.	1	0	0
FAKE advert in South Africa. Maybe President Trump should be informed of yet another slur against him now that he has finally spoken about South Africa. 	1	0	0
Going to post this over here.    Magic the Gathering, a popular (children's) card game recently went through their own version of GamerGate, with radical leftists hosting a purge of anyone left of Mao.    One of the purged starts gathering evidence, and uncovers a pedophile ring in staffers.	1	0	0
FOR SALE   the islamic remote control.    Guys are you fed up with havein to do things for yourself? with the islamic remote you dont have to. just raise above ur head and strike ur wife, she will carry out ur every command. totally legal under sharia law. now available in two colours	1	0	0
Stop using their term 'Islamophobia' I don't think anyone is 'afraid' of Islam. We might resent it, hate it, reject it, but 'fear of' is a language game THEY use to twist the issue and paint us with a brush of 'paranoid irrationality' Instead use: anti-Islam, pro-American, pro-western, anti-terrorist, whatever fits!	1	0	0
they arent migrants. they are invading and stealing  	1	0	0
Not a fucking thing isreal and the jew is like a blood sucking tick	1	0	1
Its time to shoot the leftist on sight.	0	1	0
Christian activist charged with ‘hate crimes’ gets shut down by judge for criticizing LGBT agenda 	1	0	0
"A character that nobody asked for or wanted. Nobody but Muztards want terrorism, sharia, halal (animal torture), and abuse of women. Not the type of ""character"" that belongs in ANY Western civilized country."	1	0	0
Why was the ringleader of the widespread Muslim spy scandal just offered a plea deal? Who has been exposed to blackmail and g-d knows what else? And how deeply has America been compromised?  These crimes are treason and should be prosecuted as such. 	1	0	0
'I find wearing these little yellow stars on the chest is a good way to expiate our past sins, it reminds us of our privilege and keeps the memory of our crimes alive now that the last nazi is dead.' Conservative, circa 2025. #ConservativeMindset	1	0	0
Asian women are f...ugly.  Only old men and idiots marry Asian women.	1	0	1
When I see Beto, my brain changes it to Beta. Lol  Go away, girly man.	1	0	0
You're the shit fetishista with a dozen accounts spamming gay faggot kike shit.  You probably take hot brown loads on your face from tranntifa cucks.  ROACH CUCKSERVATIVE (((BEAR)))	1	0	1
You know folks, I never claimed to be the brightest bulb in the chandelier, but compared to the libs I'm an Einstein with a PhD in common sense.	1	0	0
Pretty sure Stalin put most of these traitorous jews to death after their usefulness was expended.	1	1	0
Diversity is WHITE GENOCIDE 	1	0	0
BTW, I was suspended after I sent a tweet calling Elizabeth Banks 'a trashy slut.' Since when is she a protected class? (In reality, I was probably banned because of a bunch of butt-hurt idiots from Oakland.)	1	0	1
snake, spiders, alligators, grizzlies, etc....very rarely harm anyone...yet everyone ...even Black people...when they see one...think they are in danger....why is that???  	1	0	0
Oh look, the Left has turned another great institution into a gross mass of degeneracy.  http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/DrudgeReportFeed/~3...	1	0	0
I've been proposing a FEED SETTINGS toggle for some time. It would just display comments as old style replies, de-contexed from the wall of filthy vomit. But the grifter @a  has such a deep pathological hatred for OG users that I postulate that comments are designed to DRIVE US OFF. It won't work. I will plague this fucker to infinity and beyond.	1	0	1
TRANSLATION - WE MUST BRAINWASH THE GOYIM EARLY TO MAKE IT STICK IN THEIR MINDS SO THE TRUTH BECOMES HARDER TO BELIEVE. These kikes know exactly how to keep the lie going, get them while they are young with indoctrination that is state enforced. FUCK ISRAEL AND THEIR HOLOHOAX	0	1	1
Reds need termination. This is what our fathers have taught us and it is true. 	1	0	0
CNN is fake So is #transgenderism Fuck your fake pronouns	1	0	1
This is not anything new. Think gun control.  The Dems are lowlife scum	1	0	0
Gay Niggers From Outerspace.... the longest 27:23 you'll ever see!	1	0	0
The Left is really stupid, they had no idea Facebook was F'in them. It was their business model.	1	0	0
Even atheist like Richard Dawkins think Islam is bad, and think it is far worse than Christianity.  https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/richard-dawkins-benign-christianity-is-about-to-be-replaced-by-something-wo	1	0	0
The vacuum is being filled by Marxists and Islam.  Enjoy!	1	0	1
There are no shit hole countries y'all... every country is the same.  Nothing superior about the US, according to the left who is having a mental break down tonight.  Yemen... yep.. just as wonderful as the United States of America.	1	0	0
Save the environment, recycle a liberal.	1	0	0
Retarded yankee political eunuch demands Alabama voters to reject Roy Moore. LOL!   https://www.cincinnati.com/story/news/politics/201...	1	0	1
""" enjoy nigger heaven""    Calvin Candie"	1	0	0
This is funny and it really show how dumb the Dumbocrats (my term) really are. So they have run out of all their ideas to get rid of Trump and nothing seems to work. How sad. So now they are suing him, his family members, Wikileaks, and others. Guess what? He's suing them back. This will be so much fun. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhycR0Q8N2w	1	0	0
And I say send her to Israel on the next boat.	1	0	0
HEY Brian Krassenstein‏ screen cap this shit mother fucker you faggot peice of shit. I hope no crazy dumbass flips out and posts your dox on some other site that be a shame.	1	0	1
Could be Asian too. They don't much like whites either. Say they stink and are uneducated. 	1	0	0
Just because you have a piece of paper calling you a 'citizen,' doesn't make you American. Just like Mexico sends back her ILLEGALS, who actually are the same race as Mexicans, so, too, will America restore the They all have to go' mindset of the Truman era. Because you will NEVER be American.	1	0	0
Anyone Who Isn't Islamic Is Racist? | Religion Of Intolerance. 	1	0	0
If there is no God, than there is not such thing as free will. If there is no such thing as free will, then you are right. Democracy is dumb. People are simply products of their environment and will always default to their predestined instincts. If you do not believe in God, then I cannot convince you that a constitutional republic with democratically elected officials is the least corruptible way to run a government, at least according to all known history.	1	0	0
Islam causes overpopulation... by enslaving women...	1	0	1
"Some faggot-loving newspaper wants folks to stay queer if they're either born or ""are"" that way https://www.yahoo.com/news/more-20-000-lgbt-teenagers-175450952.html Anyone who opposes trying to convert a fag into a hetero is a traitor not just to #Whites, but to the entire human race, and should be condemned & punished. In my #WN state, they would be-"	1	0	0
The Carousel Rider. Binges on Netflix. Can't keep a man. Has many cats, but they secretly dream of eating her corpse. Needs state funding to support lifestyle. Hits wall 5 to 10 years early. Hair color likely unnatural shades of blue, green or red. Votes Democrat.	1	0	0
"""The Kamin-Gould thesis is that early IQ testers claimed their research proved that Jews as a group scored low on their tests and that this finding was then conveniently used to support passage of the restrictive Immigration Act of 1924 which then denied entry to hapless Jewish refugees in the 1930s."" "	1	0	1
It's time to start requiring citizens to have skin in the game before they are allowed to vote	1	0	0
And our government knows what they are doing.yea.have let in our worst enemy in the country. War is at our back door.	1	0	0
These 2 racist moon crickets are the biggest race baiters and cop haters ever and Al where is Americas 4.6 million in back taxes ?	1	0	1
James Brown body double sewer mouth 'impeach45' mad #Maxine Water ...and her mad supporters needs to be waterboarded then straightjacketed from politics! https://youtu.be/KpXI9zmnyb4	1	1	0
"Well said.... They seem to love death too....Abortionist said they were ""SO PROUD THEY KILL BABIES""....SICK People!! (or Demons)"	1	0	1
NYT does defend (((dirty communists)))	1	0	0
You're a fucking retard babbling incoherently. You haven't made a single point yet, much less one worth opposing.	1	0	1
But muh white don't suffer anything!	1	0	0
"Once again, this traitorous schmuck, shows all of America his extreme poor judgement. Sent to Syria to check on the ""rebels"" and get back with Barry as to whether they were legit. He called them great patriots. They were all ISIS fighters. There to take over Syria also."	1	0	0
Mia Marie Pope was Obama's classmate at an elite private school on Oahu.  She knew where he lived, off Beretania St. in Honolulu.  How do you live there, and go to Punahou? 	1	0	1
I call them what they are, arabs. I don't know why so many people have a hard time calling them arabs. 	1	0	0
'Every time you see Jews freak out and try to make an example of someone who speaks out against them, as they have done recently with Congressional candidate @pnehlen‍  & university student Dan Kleve, you are witnessing them put a cork in a hole of a dam that is about to break.' https://dailystormer.name/we-all-know-exactly-wher...	1	0	0
I love when liberals complain about their healthcare/health insurance because I know they voted for Obama.  You did this to yourself and to others! Take responsibility that you voted for a shit man. Who did shit things.	1	0	0
Jews will always bring the ship back. Who do you think invented Marxism? And why it was invented? To destroy the West, not to accomplish some economical paradise. Solely to destroy the social order of Europe, which it succeeded in doing. Once all is destroyed and they're in total control, Jews probably revert to capitalism to put their abject slaves to work.	1	0	1
Democrats have proven they are FOR criminals, pedophiles and higher taxes. I just don't see why ANYONE would vote for them.	1	0	0
And you're not German.  Your the biggest kike i've ever met.  You sound like a pussy asshole	1	0	1
Amazing and disgusting and not just May, Labours Muslim loving ranks are very happy to turn a blind eye to children being raped en mass by Muslim men all over the UK 	1	0	0
Leftists, Liberals, Communists, Socialists, Marxists, and Muslims are MY enemies.... 	1	0	0
Yeah, we're all surprised that subhumans act like subhumans.	1	0	0
The democrats have been telling and teaching people, that our Republic is a democracy for years. That is a lie. “If you tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough, it will be believed.” - Adolf Hitler	1	0	0
Uhh yes, there are whites in South America as much of it was settled by Europeans. 	1	0	0
JAPAN | No Country for FAT Western Womyn	1	0	0
"542 crimes - ""No probs, he migrant, everything cool for gov. Don't be racist."" 1 roman salute - ""Welcome to Merkel's gulag, you white monster."	1	0	0
VIDEO: Nunes Says Attacks From The Left Are ‘Quite Enjoyable’  https://truepundit.com/video-nunes-says-attacks-left-quite-enjoyable/	1	0	0
#Feminism leads to a decrease in the birth population which then requires mass #migration from the 3rd world to support the aging population since feminists aren't having enough children to replace the population. 	1	0	0
"The feminazis complaining about ""equal pay"" are going by yearly salary.  They get equal HOURLY PAY for the same work, if not more b/c they're so educated. MEN GENERALLY WORK MORE HOURS, and do more hazardous/heavy jobs. FFS.  As a woman I am so embarrassed by this shit. And male feminists TAKE PAY CUTS to appease these harpies. "	1	0	1
Please report and mute antisemite LARPers spamming up the boards trying to discredit Gab with their daily garbage. Thanks. They are impersonators from Twatter.	1	0	0
What a prissy looking little faggot	1	0	1
Monthly Reminder #4:  JEWS LIE!	1	0	0
#FUHRERFRIDAY Keep calm and #MAGA on...	1	0	0
Tbh I couldn’t care less if the Jews genocided all the Arabs, just as I wouldn’t care one bit if the Arabs got their shit together and wiped Israel and every Kike in it off the face of the Earth. Neither one are my people and neither of them are my concern	0	1	0
Think they would be promoting this if it was Swedish men who were going to get fucked by the muslim trash. These countries are sacrificing their women to evil why don't the Swedish men be the ones that need to fuck these savages and raise the children as their own. What no takers..then you are evil.	1	0	1
The day we’re allowed to remove these pigs 1 by 1 will truly be a wonderful day. I believe once the weak whites, and ALL brown menaces are gone the remaining ppl left will really know freedom.	1	0	0
Contingent, not continent, stupid Jewish auto correct😘🍷	1	0	0
"""you idiots literally are the left"" "	1	0	1
Having anyone think...for that matter is a threat to the libtards.	1	0	0
hay joe you are a fucking joke , you must be a jewish plant no one can be that stupid in 2018 .. the holocaust is a lie fuck wit 	1	0	1
Third world immigrants and better than us! Say waaaat? Like.. dhey pay more tax and commit the less crime! Dhey evens speaks dah better Englishisch thans we. You all phocking rassisstss! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRld6rA7KAc	1	0	0
Muslims deserve this ... They are Sub Human cockroaches 	1	0	1
THEN WHY HAVEN'T THEY BEEN HUNG FOR TREASON!	0	1	0
We need to not give a shit about Israel. Israel will never be our partners when they continue to get away with stabbing us in the back. Israel is also a safe haven for jewish criminals of all types.	1	0	0
this never gets old! DemocRats https://twitter.com/WatchChad/status/9661576843985...	1	0	0
It has been my experience that it’s the liberal family members that suck the joy out of the room, so shunning may backfire on them.	1	0	0
"""White people don't start altercations with blacks as a rule."" how true you are. we went from regulating black criminality with lynchings and jim crow to generally being terrified of blacks and letting them run riot in 25 to 30 years. will anyone say blacks or whites are better off today?"	1	0	0
Bush 41 was a faggot and a pussy.  SHIT PRESIDENT! 	1	0	1
Dictate what?  We aren't the world's police anymore, remember. they don't want us.  So f em.  We are the world's leading exporter of energy now. We have enough to be self sufficient for 500 years.    The ass backwards muzzies in that middle east can go pound their sand.	1	0	1
SICK DESPICABLE PURE EVIL....PEDOVORE ? SOMETHING THAT ONLY EATS CHILDREN. 	0	1	1
>Men aren't near as ruined as women are by feminism. >There will always be rando skanks to bone... >...women just end up bitter & sad Men have highest suicide rate by far and the immediate cause: divorce and loss of their children, income, and wherewithal because of it. Divorced women (who initiate divorce at the 75% rate, and collect the lion's share of the benefits like house, car, alimony, child support and other unearned property), and especially divorced mothers, wind up bitter and sad (albeit financially flush), because they become rando skanks to bone, and no one wants to bone them because they are post-wall, bitter, fat, inwardly guilty,  and shamefully sporting some other man's resentful progeny.  Those should be obvious reasons enough why men are actually more ruined than women by fucking feminism. 	1	0	1
That bastard is being truthful and doing his islamic deed, problem is us Kaffirs who may declare him mentally disturbed and let him free. The answer to the evil is within islam.	1	0	0
Sen. Lee is so calm & soothing. Not psychotic like the Jews.	1	0	0
Konsentrate on yor REAL problm, muzlmz. Jewz arnt slotrin & rapin Brits	1	0	0
It was never credible --- always been a punk Jew run scam operation  --- criminal from top to bottom 	1	0	0
I dunno, it crushed the fuck out of 92 of the sand niggers so that's a start https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/15/us-mother-of-all-bombs-moab-afghanistan-donald-trump-death-toll	1	0	1
"""The Jews were responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out turning men into women and women into men.” "	1	0	0
does that mean I can go out on Halloween in black face?? 	1	0	0
once again the libtards in illinois have lost their god damn minds!!!...im ashamed to even tell yall i live in this retarded fucking state but its true.....welcome to gestapoland!!!	1	0	1
I take it the cop was WHITE.  Or does it even matter to this uncivilized POS?  Does he see how black people live in other countries?  Has any nation outside Africa ever elected a black President except the USA?  What a total brainwashed jerk.	1	0	0
Suck it up goat fuckers. Its called a job. Dont like it, either get another one or choose a religion that doesnt require fasting.  	1	0	1
"""Japanese-Americans"", ""Japanese-Brazilians"", and ""Japanese-Canadians"" AREN'T JAPANESE AT ALL!!!"	1	0	0
In a way I kinda admire SJWs, and they are certainly an interesting social phenomenon -- they've crowdsourced a coherent secular religion over the internet out of nothing. (By 'coherent' I mean able to get followers, not logically making sense). They're still a dangerous threat to western civ.	1	0	0
You'll have to hang all your Jews if you want this nonsense to end.	1	1	1
You are a MUSLIM and the sworn enemy of all Christians and Jews. IDIOT! The TALMUD was wrote by THE PHARISEES...Hundreds of years after they murdered Christ. Idiots like you would not know that or even care. NOTHING can remove Christ from the EARTH that HE Created,not even Muslim's like YOU.	1	0	1
I swear I've seen some dragfag on tumblr like that, and he's odd. He's a Right leaning-centrist. I don't even know.. Lol	1	0	1
Makes perfect since   next attack / flash flag  NEW YORK, NEW YORK SCHOOL?  OUR FELLOW CITIZENS HAVE BECOME OUR ENEMIES BY THEIR OWN DECLARATIONS.  I HONOR THEM WITH FULL VIGOR.  YOU ARE MY ENEMY.   DEATH TO TYRANTS	1	0	0
Social Psych Report: Frisky Dogs in Parks Are Part of America's 'Rape Culture' 	1	0	0
The only differences between kosher and halal are... #1...in kosher slaughter, the rabbi must fellatiate all the male animals, this has a calming affect... for the rabbi... #2...in halal slaughter, the imam must lick the anus of the animal, this makes the imam slightly more agitated...	1	0	0
#DayOfTheLibtards	1	0	1
when did Islam become a race?  How is having a religious objection to your child learning about another religion racism?  And quite frankly is anyone surprised some parents in the UK are islamophobic  It's still not racism  https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/04/11/teachers-racist-parents-pull-children-re-classes-dont-want-learning/	1	0	0
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/02/fake-news-cnn-botches-report-fbi-director-christopher-wray-amid-fisa-firestorm/  why are people still watching Fake CNN. They must be Hitlery fans. The	1	0	0
I must admit these past few days have been an interesting education on the inner workings of alt right politics in the USA. One weird thing is how whites have to operate in secret. This alone should show the tremendous extent to which whites are not free even in the USA. That doxing even exists should be setting off big alarm bells.	1	0	0
probably a latent homosexual regressive!	1	0	0
When is the Media going to wakeup maybe Muslims should start shooting newspeople oh that`s they already do wakeup mothrfuckers.	0	1	0
If obama(barry soetoro) and hillary get arrested, we as american people should demand that they be sent to #Egypt because lest we forget they tried to turn this country into a #terrorist #shithole with the muslim brotherhood! Atleast that would soothe any tensions we have with the region. #MAGA	1	0	0
They’re Naming Names in Britain 	1	0	0
Because a lot of these people have been on psychotropic drugs their whole lives to cure conditions an ass beating used to solve and reared in a clown world full of moral decay and societal rot. I'm surprised more don't snap, actually. Liberal Postmodernism and open borders is social engineering gone horribly wrong.	1	0	0
Did they hit Little Kurdistan? Those Muslims need to be deported as well if they are eligible for deportation.	1	0	0
i live in the middle fo the experiment. the uk, forfront of the diversity bullshit. and the outcome? its peak islam thats yur issue. the end.	1	0	0
Every nation is ran by Jews...you don't even believe that crap. 	1	0	0
I'm going to become a transwoman lesbian. Lesbians who do not like transdick are racist, homophobic bigots. #LGBT #Trans #GiveMeThatPussy #LesbianDick	1	0	0
Funny, they are using Sweden model. - Well, In the end. Sweden has proven to be a failure. Especially anything to do with feminsium.	1	0	0
It's different when BLM or antifa are beating on spitting on and throwing shit at white people and not a damn thing is done about it. And people are going to wonder why if the KKK comes back stong. Shouldn't be double standards because the color of your skin. Or people will seek justice on their own	1	0	0
@meh6000 	1	0	0
Alleged closeted and bearded homo jack doesn't like VPNs. Fuck him (figuratively).	1	0	1
That 'cultural enrichment' from 'diversity' cos it's so much better to have UK streets smelling of stale piss from feral immigrant scum, than flower beds of English roses	1	0	1
go back to your shithole and learn how to be civilized	1	0	1
Its official.. India now has lower hygiene than rats. 	1	0	0
"Yeah, white niggers. They are most of what's coonsidered ""white"" today. Mongrel satanic abominations that worship jews and niggers."	1	0	0
Look at the first pic. Is that obama wearing a scarf? Boys about as queer as a 3 dollar bill with the corner tore off!	1	0	0
Just looking at that evil Jew makes me feel filthy	1	0	0
Absolute power is the goal of Muslims.Its in their Qu'ran: Islam will rule the world & all infidels (that's us) should be killed wherever we are. Islam is satanic & it has joined forces with the satanic communists/leftists, abortionists, and LGBT groups. A veil of delusion hangs over our nation, England, Europe. We are in the last days	1	0	1
Rep. Luis Gutierrez: “Sessions, he’d just love for black people to be in the back of the bus again. He’d love for women to be in the kitchen. He’d love for gay people to be in the closet again, and for me, not to have a microphone to be able to speak to anyone”........even though.......  #News #Politics #Racism #Sessions #Congress #Senate #Government	1	0	1
That's some world class California edjumakation right there	1	0	0
what do you expect? She is a fuckin nigger	1	0	1
BREAKING: Judge Drops All Charges Against 3 'Extremist Muslims' Found At New Mexico Compound https://www.dailywire.com/news/35213/breaking-judg...?	1	0	0
Child abuse. 	1	0	1
this is why it's important for immigrant retards to have a basic grasp of english before be able to live here  jews INVENTED the Nazi boogeyman. Nazis didnt actually exist as real people, they exist as scapegoat. you can go back to deepthroating your dad's dick now 	1	0	1
The #PoliceState that is #Canada is alive and well; https://torontosun.com/news/crime/media-lawyers-mo...	1	0	0
If you want to save the planet, have more white babies. It is white people who actually seek to conserve nature. Not any other race.	1	0	0
I'd rather tend to a garden than attempt to paint my worth in the blood of a dead jewish popsicle on my knees. What you call progress from barbarism has gotten you to the point we are today - hating where we are. Don't blame people for wanting to embrace their true roots. 	1	0	0
The Alt-Right are PRO-Hamas and PRO-Hezbollah for the sole reason that they're also against the Jews just like them. I mean, I myself am Anti-Zionism, but I am NOT Anti-Jew.	1	0	0
Get your priorities straight you dimwits, investigate the lying skank Ford!!  	1	0	0
Yours believes the earth is only 5 thousand years old and your gods a total cunt, why don’t you go to the Middle east and worship some dry old rocks instead of spreading your poison in our lands?	1	0	1
all black women look like bull mastiffs	1	0	0
If you’re referencing the post about pornography (under which this thread is not located), then I was not attacking just your masculinity (if, as it seems, you are supporting pornography): I was attacking your personhood.	1	0	0
Idiot.  ....posturing yourself as one of the “saints” of intellecia with word salads does Not make you smart and proposing arguments in support of your own bondage and against your basic freedoms is downright RETARDED.	1	0	1
Great! I now have ANOTHER reason to hate all fucking niggers and muzzies! 	1	0	1
Gag reflex so strong! Two despicable libtards (of the highest order)! #DSSS	1	0	1
Lying politicians must be shot by the nearest gun owner	0	1	0
"Seems like most gab users are racist virgins .Don't get me wrong i love racism but why saying racist stuff here in this live topic ""valenite day""?😧"	1	0	0
Varg sums up christ tards perfectly here. 	1	0	0
UK: Muslims forced woman to drink alcohol, then one raped her and the other sexually assaulted her	1	0	1
You can shut the fuck up now and keep your retarded opinions to yourself.	1	0	1
Fuck these jews put them all oit of America they are fucking retards https://www.facebook.com/1697946330475772/posts/2218735741730159/	1	0	0
The Jew is our only enemy	1	0	0
"There is no such thing as ""hate speech"", just like there is no such thing as ""racist"", and there is no such thing as ""antisemitism"" ...these *words* are all tools used to silence those that speak up against tyranny. Take your dumbass hate speech BS back to twatter."	1	0	1
I bet that little punk Jew cried and whimpered a helluva lot while he received his just desserts.	1	0	0
#HollyWeird 	1	0	0
No? Have you seen Roma and Torino, how well governed they are? In 5 years we will be a caliphate. And on top of that they will kill us with taxes...how do they are going to give to the south and the Muslims (as DI Maio was saying) the reddito di cittadinanza?	1	0	0
That is what Islam does...”immigrates”...breeds...takes over. 1400 years and immigration records shows that. Only idiots don’t get it.	1	0	0
Agreed, but I think a lot of the Anti Semitism is democrat plants trying to make Gab out to look like a right-wing extremist site.	1	0	0
Commies is so 60's dood, your gonna need to catch up. 	1	0	1
Wouldn't have even been news if it wasn't another Jewish victim to push.	1	0	0
Disgusting women are always left tarded. And western society treats women like small retarded children. Anyone letting women off the hook deserves the same punishment. 	1	0	0
Nigger. Do not turn this site into a communist network.	1	0	1
Where’s Soros and his son. There’s a lot of collusion in this subject in every part of the world. I believe they are the ace and king of spades that deserve the same as bin Laden. And while on that subject if it weren’t for a SEAL Team member I would question the viability of his death. After all odumba had his hand in that...just saying	0	1	1
Let's ask the #NFL some serious questions! 	1	0	0
Let her testify and move on. 	1	0	0
"Regressive liberals checking their brains at the door in order to not get the fake label ""islamophobic"" go to greater & greater lengths to be multi-cultural...having no idea what the globalist leadership has in store for them... "	1	0	0
A demonstration of attempted Muslim assimilation...? #Humor #AlohaSnackbar	1	0	0
Yeah... Germany's stuck with the roaches they invited in. Ha!	1	0	0
I went to college. When I first started college I was a Libertarian. When I left college I was a racist Libertarian who wanted to helicopter leftists.	0	1	0
This is one of the many reasons my wife and I don't watch nigger ball.	1	0	1
That is funny. Is it racist? You’re damn right it is, but comedy sometimes must supersede racism. 	1	0	0
I have nephews and nieces who have been brainwashed immensely (i have no kids) and I have been red pilling them.  But the brainwashing is immense.  Liberalism is the transformation of mankind into cattle.  That is what they are unfortunately!	1	0	0
Listen, I know I make fun of Commiefornia a lot, but I never realized they were this stupid. By the way, what a biased article from a so-called objective news source. Two sentences saying it's controversial and ten paragraphs dedicated to up-playing it. https://money.cnn.com/2018/08/30/pf/california-wom...	1	0	0
Obama uses Facebook surveillance data: Good 	1	0	1
Should Donald Trump be assassinated, a massive civil war between the extreme Left SJW elitist establishment and the silent Sane and Rational right-wing majority is most likely to break out.	1	0	0
The Express reported  Driver has injured 5 people 	1	0	0
Time to turn on OAN lying faggot Shep is on.	1	0	1
Apology from this Reptilian Demon is not good enough. She should be fired . filthy Azsarkian Zionist Jew.	1	0	0
People are such fucking slobs. Anyone who wears flip-flops to the airport ought to be subject to execution.	0	1	0
This is an important point. White people make BAD slaves and so dis the INDIANS, not many know this now but American Indians HAD BLACK SLAVES., there are half negro half indian guys trying to get the truth out about it.	1	0	0
I just, kinda enjoyed doing quick intros to allah when over in the sandbox.  	1	0	0
Oprah Revealed As Closet White Supremacist ;)	1	0	0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-8nBc6O9jY Dirty Black Bastards. This was a childs funeral 3 days ago.	1	0	0
That's Joseph Goebbels. 	1	0	0
Dr Michelle Cretella on Transgenderism. 	1	0	1
2,977. The terrorist's lives do not count for anything.	1	0	0
US ends all funding to UN agency for “Palestinian” “refugees”SEP 1, 2018 This is long overdue. Only among the “Palestinians” is “refugee” status passed down to children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. Millions of people were displaced after World War II, but they moved elsewhere and got on with their lives. Not the “Palestinians,” because they were and are a weapon of the jihad. http...	1	0	0
Idiotic Liberal Logic - or lack thereofI've known OP for 30+ yrs, thus the obscured names. Given his new avatar, I'm going to have to give him the boot, but I thought I'd screen grab this piece of stupidity from one of his rabid libtard friends. Libs cannot see the inherent contradictions in what they say.  https://kek.gg/i/4wkzyV.png	1	0	1
"With respect ur 100% wrong we need to be worried about ppl abusing the right wing anti immigration sentiment and moving it into the direction of support for soft multiculturalism. ""mass immigration is ok as long as the immigrants speak english and dont rape kids"" sentiment tjats wot Tommy stands for its sick. Replacing our ppl is nva ok"	1	0	0
He'd be just fine without working another day for the rest of his life. But I'd imagine it'd be pretty difficult for a straight, white, cis-male, with even slightly  right-of-center ideologies to  score a hot piece of ass from within the elitist Holo-wood social class he's immersed himself in. Where Good looks and net worth are in abundance. 	1	0	0
The lefty Communist are the degenerates we must get rid of. Stop voting them in office	1	0	0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz6oHMAad6s  	1	0	0
Swedish Man Hater's Club Meeting: 	1	0	1
The filthy jews despise whites.....that's why they fuck themselves into our sacred blood.....to defile us	1	0	1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PgkF1pF4kg   I have no problem with how China treats these bastards.They are only treating them like how the rest of us get treated by muzzies.	1	0	1
jesus fucking Christ I am trying to be polite, you brought up an issue, I asked questions, and your focused like an autistic child on a spinning plate, fuck you your jesus, he does not nor any other imaginary friends people have, do not  exist	1	0	1
So the Eagles won, and Philly still burned. Nice.    Doesn't matter which Jew-owned pack of blacks wins the bowl, America loses anyways.	1	0	0
The fake News Media has no coverage of this story simply because blacks are robbing and terrorizing white people, just does not fit into the fake News Media agenda. What is wrong with us?	1	0	0
That's why you should never trust a FEMINAZI.	1	0	0
STOP MAKING LIBERAL/SOCIALIST/PROGRESSIVE/COMMUNIST OUT OF YOUR CHILDREN.!!! 	1	0	0
every one knew that was obama's excuse to be able to arm and train isis members, his coreligionists.	1	0	0
Cynics regard everyone as equally corrupt, themselves included. Idealists think everyone is corrupt, EXCEPT themselves and their peers. That makes them bat shit crazy and dangerous. Never trust an idealist.	1	0	0
What are you?  Some kind of nigger lover?	1	0	1
@TheCartoonLoon Oh, I forgot to tell you. Now that you're here, you're officially an alt-right, KKK, white-supremacist, neo-Nazi, racist scum. How does it feel?	1	0	1
I love watching the Somalians have their violent protests in Minnesota. I hope the temps drop below zero just for them. And these people get so cold they self deport back to Somalia. They wont no welfare payments in Somalia 	1	1	1
Interesting, its kinda like a Nazi converting to Judaism , of course that would be a good thing compared to the muslim filth, wonder what would bring on this kind of conversion unless its a publicity stunt ?	1	0	0
> @occdissent‍ accuses weev of doing the very same things he has done. 	1	0	1
He only thinks he is a zionist, he just a pawn like most of the Jews. The Jewish elite have intentions of all the low level idiots to be eradicated to make way for their new dumbed down slave race.	1	0	1
If you need a nonsensical bullshit snowflake pronoun, you can be absolutely certain that I will have no reason to talk to you or about you. In my world, you don't exist. https://www.campusreform.org/?ID=10583	1	0	0
National Security is at stake-he needs to be in jail 	1	0	0
Hope that woman is executed with the rapist disgusting whore 😠	1	0	1
A church in Berlin was damaged after unknown attackers pelted stones at the building while shouting “Allahu Akbar!” https://www.infowars.com/berlin-attackers-hurl-sto...	1	0	0
"While leftist females think they are fighting for sexual equality, the political process has instead created a new special class for females as ""substandard people"" who need a helping tug on their bootstraps from the government. So sad. "	1	0	0
we not the same, the real world become a White Nationalist 	1	0	0
Nah. Just retarded Muslims and loony Nazis think like you. #NaziFaggot	1	0	1
By now, anyone who doesn't understand that the press is a business and as such, all mainstream press editors would pimp their own children if it meant an extra dollar, is either mentally retarded or a liberal. Actually, the 2 are synonymous.	1	0	0
incarcerate the criminals (arbeit macht frei ) Institutionalize the psychotic deluded talmudics, judeo-,masonic, zionist, evangelical , xian noachide Lynch dual citizens, pedos, capital crimes Wealth confiscated used 4 mitigating their destruction No SANE human would be a jew 	1	0	0
No such thing as a patriotic Democrat.	1	0	0
"My ""fellow man"" shouldn't cross a border illegally into my country, and suckle at my tax dollars to earn my ""Love""!"	1	0	0
It always works out this way!😂 @metrouk are no different! Butthurt leftist snowflakes trying desperately to trigger conservatives, get owned by their own childish memes!👌😁🇺🇸	1	0	0
ARE YOU SURE THE ONE ON THE LEFT IS FEMALE OR EVEN HUMAN ?	1	0	0
Has Adolf Hitler ever spoke or wrote something that wasn't true or flat out lied? I never found that to be the case. Not once. Never.  	1	0	0
How many white parents are going to send their kids into theaters filled with angry militant nogs? Good luck breaking all those box office records #blackpanther	1	0	1
Islam is a threat to Jews.	1	0	0
California: Golden West College Cops Crack Down on Questions about Islam 	1	0	0
Leftists have neither morals nor decency; it would benefit those on the Right never to forget this.	1	0	0
I don't need someone to explain to me how the Dems are outright traitors. What I need explained to me is how do we get these fuckers hanged.	1	1	0
"my post said ""jews and muslims killing each other' win win "	1	0	1
I'd rather have these semetic niggers do my bidding. 	1	0	1
Look, gun grabbers. I have wasted a lot of breath in the last few years calling out your lies, explaining your errors in logic, etc. I’m done with all that. My best and final answer is no. Go fuck yourselves.	1	0	1
@MartyGraw 	1	0	1
LIke I said, you are hard up on the jew hate, you deny science, you deny reality, and you play the same bullshit collectivist tropes as every other bigot.  Ooo look at me I'm John, I hate all jews because some jews do bad things!!!  And sure, whites do bad too, but those are lone wolves!!	1	0	1
Am I correct that he is running as a Republican and proclaims Adolph Hitler as one of his great heroes? 	1	0	0
b'awwwwww you must be used to your low T hubby bending over for you, and now because of his lack of discipline, youre terrorizing me  youre lucky i dont live in tel aviv among you jewish peasants	1	0	1
How gay is that portrait? Is he laughing at Dumb Shit Americans who voted his Gay, Illegal Ass into Office? No. I cannot be here watching this.	1	0	0
U still won't talk to me but you have no worries about make me look the fool, you're the one who is the fool, Sarah, your the one who won't even engage me in a conversation because I'm the big scary jew	1	0	0
Holy cow: Lesbo nigga slayer had a YT channel, full o' gospel kid music an sheit. 	1	0	1
Tbh Iv spent time in Ireland and worked with them for years and I don't give a fuck if they live or die  🐰	1	0	0
We need to find some filthy Muslim Pigs that will volunteer to rape this mentally ill thug	1	0	0
Pit bull attacks Jehovah's Witnesses in Washington, police say http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/05/10/pit-bull-attacks-jehovahs-witnesses-in-washington-police-say.html  a good reason to keep 'em on hand eh?	1	0	0
Many American liberals are having conversations about race, over things like the CHANGING DEMOGRAPHICS of their neighborhoods. Gentrifying parents in Brooklyn MOVE THEIR KIDS TO WHITER SCHOOLS much like school-secessionist parents in Alabama do.   😎  http://bit.ly/2DfpXs0	1	0	0
Antisemites fall into either of two categories, they are either stupid or muslim.   	1	0	0
Good 'ole 1A in action as well as good 'ole American consequences for your stupid actions. Have fun saying what you want @RobertsforCD2 but don't expect much support for your ideas...personally, I think of you as a flushed turd...it makes me smile	1	0	0
Nah man, black people should never get the benefit of the doubt!	1	0	1
More crap from the Satanic Jews... 	1	0	1
That hair probably costs over $200 including the trip to the salon, and she's holding an $800 iPhone... She's wearing makeup and jewelry, too, while she howls & cries about how oppressed she is. Liberals have no sense of reality.	1	0	0
The Kalergi Plan for White Genocide,(funded by George Soros),through unending Turd World Mass Migration into ALL White Nations,..They Come..They Breed,Rape,Terrorize,Defecate,Leech,Infect and Plunder......WE DIE!!!! 	1	0	1
They may have come to work but Democrats trap them in the welfare plantation and use them as a vote bank. They are the new type of slaves used to destroy USA	1	0	0
Happy 4th of July!  If you are a libtard and are in need of a special safe space tonight, a 4th of July free zone if you will, here you are!  You're very own place to celebrate tonight complete with a list of your commie rules.  https://kek.gg/i/5MZsS.png	1	0	0
Tell me, what is in it for the Jews to flood the world with muslims, the people that wish them eradicated?	1	0	0
'White people can't breed'..is that why your momma took a nigger dick when she had you?	1	0	1
I find @a humorous.. 	1	0	1
Diversity. Not enough non-rapists. 	1	0	0
IE: Most humans are fucking ignorant and arrogant AND most ETs are fucking amazingly honourable and wise.  See?  Balance.  :>	1	0	1
I agree on this one. An inside job by all our allies and supposed enemies. Esp Talmudic, Kabbala worshiping Jews, and Freemason whites. Esp their bitches. Jewish Mysticism. All day every day.	1	0	0
Common sense and Liberalism are totally incompatible. The further Left the leader of a country, the more Muslim invaders' are allowed in. 	1	0	0
My latest The Left IS The Greatest Danger America Faces https://www.patreon.com/posts/left-is-greatest-197...	1	0	0
That is PERFECT!  Simple but says so much.  I'm not a gas all the Jews but I recognize their hypocrisy.  	1	0	0
So I get accused of being an Islamophobe by a Muzlime on Twitter, I agree with him that I am an Islamofauxb and tell him why and I'm the one who gets suspended?	1	0	0
This is a crush-point of anarcho-tyranny and the Managerial State. 	1	0	0
POP A CAP TO HER HEAD, PUT HER OUT OF HER MISERY!	0	1	1
Turks, Lebanese and Kurds? 	1	0	0
The Wikileaks emails show that Jew gremlins like Podesta and Satanists like Clinton and the DNC are actively trying to influence Catholics. How long? I think this might explain the change in Catholic culture since Vatican 2. So let’s see. We abdicate  	1	0	0
This guy is a French jew which explains a lot.	1	0	0
Muslims  Why are they still here. War with them is coming. This could have all been avoided if our politicians had not sold us out Misanthrope	1	0	0
Americans are so fucking dumb for footing the bill for feeding/housing these people and paying for legal fees. https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna885151 Left & MSM would never be satisfied. This is their game. BUILD THAT FUCKING WALL. Enforce law. Keep them out.	1	0	0
The only person you showed to be full of shit was yourself, and I don't care if you believe me or not. You beliefs don't change reality.	1	0	1
nigger lovers will corrupt and pollute the White gene pool. Race mixers should be subjected to the harshest of shaming. The should be shunned and turned away from white society. There's a special place in hell for the nigger lover.	1	0	1
Naturally, human rights don't actually exist, but this is something you can use to browbeat faggots with their own weaponry.	1	0	0
This evil filthy POS has been on Andy Cohen's Bravo channel alot on late night depraved show.   as well as many other Pedos in Hollywood.  Evil filth.  They have all always given me the creeps, but had no idea at the depth of their evil depravity	1	0	0
Serves them right for indulging in such perversions for money.	1	0	0
🎶 So catch them at the Border! Catch them at the Shore! 	1	1	0
Democratic party is still as hateful and racist as ever. Vote RED. Or you'll be dead. Guaranteed 	1	0	1
Don't forget: Lex Luthor isn't the bad guy. He's just a Capitalist. Superman is the goodie two shoes illegal alien who pretends to be patriotic while pushing socialist propaganda.	1	0	0
Why does the occurrence of a Muslim holiday,  Eid al-Adha , bring out all the anti Semites?  Though Arabs are a Semitic people most Muslims are not Arabic.  From all the posters I am now muting most of them appear to be simple minded Jew haters.	1	0	0
Ho Lee Fuk, Chinese restaurants in Canada have Sum Ting Wong with them. They are racist!  lol http://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/2018/04/30/toron...	1	0	0
"""Racism is a horrible disease. You catch it from niggers,"" bumper stickers plus that shit-eating grin on his mug shot?"	1	0	1
I still think home school is the answer. If you want to have your children learn your values there is no substitute to constant exposure. Our family units have to be strong, as ultimately that is what makes a strong America. Public schools have basically degraded to leftist brain washing programs. They're not about learning just about screwing people up.	1	0	0
Hillary is one pissed off political hag.  She has always had a scorched earth policy.  Destroy anything or anyone who gets in the Clinton's way or destroy anything she can't have.  America would have been spared from her vengeance if she had been locked up years ago when she should have been.	1	0	0
We’re revolutionaries who promote a violent upheaval of the standing System. We’re nazis who are fanatically adherent to the Universal Truth. You’re some identitarian who wants a mass movement. You aren’t apart of the Struggle and we have no wish to be apart of any “movement” your kind infests.	0	1	0
The ADL jews ban you from Twitter, demonitize your videos, take down some of them censors you all over the place. But when Paul Nehlen starts noticing the pattern you go and disavow him. Sorry but you’re no better than Cernovich and the Alt-Lite shills!	1	0	0
"So I had ""liberals"" on both Facebook and Twitter accuse me of not ""caring enough"" about ""illegal"" immigrants. When I asked them if they would be willing to take in ""illegal"" immigrants and be both financially and legally responsible for them they accuse me of making a ""strawman argument"". So, in other words, NO, they WOULDN'T be willing to ""help"" immigrants."	1	0	0
Sure as hell no one is telling blacks or hispanics etc not to be racist. 	1	0	0
It's a damn shame we can't turn this magnificent beast loose on Congress.  Maybe next year's SOTU.  Stop feeding her a week or two beforehand.  Lock the doors and enjoy the screaming.  I'd probably sell my house to be able to hear it in person.  Oh, nice picture of a lion, too.	0	1	0
seriously such a stupid statement.  Boy??  24 and a father.   All American?  No, illegal Mexican             mexiscam          WHY honestly do the libs take an illegal alien killer and try to make them heroic?  He's a drunk stabbing murderer.  	1	0	0
Spread the word people. 	1	1	0
They are masters of the Hegelian Dialectic. Creating a problem where (((they))) appear to have the best solution. We must warn others not to fall for it. Never let a jew, even if he or she seems to be on our side, speak for you. That includes RW talk show hosts. They will ALWAYS protect (((their))) tribe by misdirecting the problem and blame someone else.	1	0	0
Congratulations and all that, but that World Cup-winning team was about as 'French' as a bag of fries served by a Mexican working at a McDonald's in Des Moines, Iowa.	1	0	0
The British elites allow pedophiles to kill and abuse babies and children, and that British people just take it. People who out pedophiles on Pedophile Island (the UK) get attacked by the press and prosecuted by the corrupt justice system. Time to dump the #Pedophile royal family!	1	0	0
"Leftist jihadists are just like their Islamic jihadist allies---Strike fear in the hearts of the ""unbeliever."""	1	0	0
@andieiamwhoiam @XxPLWxX  	0	1	0
Prisons overcrowded?   Simple. Publicly hang murders, rapist and child molesters. Hanging doesn't harm organs. Take organs and save the lives of those needing them.  This opens room in the prisons for the repeat offenders of theft, fraud, child/spouse abuse and other crimes that go unpunished.   	0	1	0
Donald Trump:  ---  racism? no..... --- homophobia?...no.... ---xenophobia?  no........ @marclamonthill  ?  no ....	1	0	0
bLAH BLAH BLAHZAY YO GAY......fUCK OUTTA HERE QUEER	1	0	1
LMFAO. They are in WAY over their pointy liberal heads	1	0	0
Nancy Pelosi chided ICE agents for arresting “law-abiding, patriotic” illegal immigrants after they made a recent sweep in northern California. 	1	0	0
If somehow they could just stop blowing up the middle east, maybe they would stop invading our country to blow our ass up because we won't just let them live there own way of life. 	1	0	0
So sick of kike Hollywood. They used to have to change their names. We should go back to that.	1	0	1
Democrats want your guns to inflict gory socialist totalitarian hell on America. 	1	0	0
daily reminder @Ricky_Vaughn99‍ is a faggot.	1	0	1
Washington post is run by the people in the nwo, dont believe in the washington post. This article said what has been known since guns were evented, but that doesn't mean sexy sluts/whores shouldn't be in the army.	1	0	1
Transgenderism is literally pushing the lie that men choose to be women and vice versa. The only reason why it was removed from the criteria of mental illness was because of opinionated democratic consensus, not because of objective evidence. That's why none of you can cite data from the APA that disproves it.	1	0	0
I enjoy ad hominoid attacks as it tells me you are an intellectual midget.  My apology to Littel People!	1	0	1
God over man, man over woman, women over children. This is the order of god. Break it at your peril and down fall. Play by mother nature’s rules or she will come give you a spanking. Without good women in the home,  nurturing,  teaching, loving and inspiring our children we are doomed. “It takes two to make a thing go right”. With out the man at the head of a household, protecting, defending and supporting the family we are doomed. For evil to flourish, good men must do nothing.	1	0	0
"""If France won’t address the issues of Islam — I think that country could just fall into civil war,”   Ayaan Hirsi Ali: Tackle Islam or face civil war https://www.politico.eu/article/ayaan-hirsi-ali-tackle-islam-or-face-civil-war/"	1	0	0
That's directly the result of having a muslim, beta male childish twat as London mayoress.	1	0	0
"Israel wins because of winning and Arabs ""win"" because of losing, or martyrdom.  I know which I prefer.  I'd rather the rest of the world stayed out of it, but the Muslims want to take over, and many Jews basically have.  If it's profitable, we should be involved, sadly.  If not, Israel wins."	1	0	0
just another ghetto trash black bastard who think we care what he thinks	1	0	1
Leftism is less an ideology and more a psychology that stems from envy and over-socialization. -Ted Kaszynski	1	0	0
Faggots defiling the graves of war dead. Welcome to Bosnia/Croatia? FFS. Morons.	1	0	0
Did that idiot Bernie shape shift into her?	1	0	0
All the incompetent idiots that agreed to these unfair agreements should be taken to court and tried as traitors!!!	1	0	1
Muslims will just beat the women that wear these to death so that other women will be afraid to wear them . Muslims have been oppressing and raping women for thousands of years. They know how to do it. Panties won't stop them .	1	0	1
It didn’t start with the Southern Poverty Law Center: the global jihad has always been aided by Useful Idiots https://www.jihadwatch.org/2018/08/it-didnt-start-... #AgendaOfEvil	1	0	0
Flags have been at half-mast all week here because of that bastard McCain. I would be hard to find a more rotten statesman to memorialize. My flag stays flying high! FUCK JOHN MCCAIN http://halfstaff.org/	1	0	0
Well, I don’t belong to any group, I’m independent all the way, and I say Islam is the “shithole”of the world! And I hope they and the leftist ass kissers r offended!	1	0	1
overseen by traitor obama & killary hitlary with funding from soros	1	0	0
Fucking hell, they sure do love spouting crap like this. Would be nice if they could just outright say they hate white people, would love to see how well that shit flies with all the passive lemmings out there.	1	0	1
If I was in Commiefornia, I'd be eating at least 2 meals a day there.	1	0	0
Follow me for PRO WHITE NEWS AND TALKING POINTS 	1	0	0
I have no goal.  I just know with reasonable certainty you’re a fag.	1	0	0
Dishonesty is fundamental to progressives, their cause is always about an imagined future whose cure cannot pass the test of experience. Progressives want to concentrate power in the hands of the state to control and subjugate you. Can you name a progressive claim that came true. #SpeakFreely	1	0	0
https://youtu.be/Rf6c_0A1ivA  	1	0	1
Ask Jonathan Greenblatt if he disavows any of these things.  If he does, lock him up in German jail for minimizing the Hollow-caust.	0	1	0
waters you are one sick bitch stirring up trouble just to distract from you and your husband involved in banking fraud and to distract from where you get the money to buy and live in a 4.5 million dollar mansion ,that is not even in your district ,whats the matter people you represent not good enough to call neighbors? PIECE OF SHIT !!	1	0	1
You fucking Jew, I knew it! Why the hell did I marry such a convoluted jewish fag!? *runs* Don't hurt me daddy!	1	0	1
He is common sense and reality. May, Merkel and Macron are the extremist. The three M:s that support the islamisation... Shame on them!	1	0	0
This is the face of Jewish Multiculturalism destroying the White Race from the Public School System to then be physically removed from the existence this continent which they are working on endlessly as they hate our race more then ever.	1	0	0
I hope this county becomes 90% black and @pnehlen‍'s wife gets gang raped by a bunch of niggers.	1	0	0
Bunches of shit Romanians and bulgarians visit UK to suck from it then leave eCgs ummer for Thier shitty 3 months summer's...then return and fuck the UK again..worthless fuckers	1	0	0
Dude, even a worthless cackling hag like Hillary defeated a socialist asshole.	1	0	1
The Jews are to society as termites are to the foundation of a home.	1	0	0
Top Psychiatrist: Today’s Left Are Mentally Ill https://yournewswire.com/psychiatrist-left-mentall... via @yournewswire    we already knew this, but it's nice to have it officially confirmed.	1	0	0
I've been using your zoo joke IRL. That new Nig Museum (Nigseum?) should also be relocated there.	1	0	0
WESTERN NATIONS ARE YOU FUCKING PAYING ATTENTION YET?!?!?!?!	1	0	0
German Police Raided a Mosque and this is what they found-Jihadis were trying to Hide it  	1	0	0
Fucking hypocritical kike cunts and their satanist male kike/nigger pimps. If they all died in a horrific accident, I would laugh for months. 	1	0	1
"Muzzies will be demanding we use only clear and white trash bags soon because it ""offends them""."	1	0	0
We need net deportation. As in giant nets which we throw over immigrants to capture them and put them on boats.	1	1	0
Outstanding!! Put that nigger in its place. Keep those eyes down, nigger.	1	0	1
Anyone willing to donate weapons to help clear out prison muslim population? 	1	1	0
Greeks have been around way before the black movement was around. Greeks taught them to say nigga....lol (thats how they call themselves not meant as a racial slurr...well their racial slurr.)	1	0	1
5. Christine Ford is being used as a pawn by the Democrats and nothing more. 	1	0	0
@BasedSAfrican The Irony about it is, that black africans have never created a city in 6000 years and even when they are left white cities they quickly destroy them and fall into a barbaric state. What will happen once Sth African farmers go will be a quick descent into starvation and barbarism. The Jew knows this and will take it from them!	1	0	0
The Democratic Party Is A Domestic Terrorist Organization https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCddoqjvLvQ&t=...	1	0	0
And they are Stupid ! (not just ignorant).  You can teach someone facts, but You can't fix stupid	1	0	0
Never ending evil the muslin invasion of the west continues Appeased by western governments	1	0	0
alt-left = the alt-right notice the NAZIs, a subculture defined by bigotry and hate towards your neighbor who forced Germans to murder 6.6m fellow citizens, and lgbt a subculture defined by unhealthy unnatural behavior that can kill your partner have the same creed - self interest - which dogie are you the one on the left or the right?	1	0	1
Stop putting bullshit in my peoples brains, they’ve had enough of Jews deceiving them, even if they don’t know it.	1	0	1
